---
title: Product Update - v23.02
description: Details of the product update v23.02 from 13th of January 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.02"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-01-13
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.02.html
---

## Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, when the values in the dropdown menu for the component credentials did not pass to the OAuth popup window.
*   **FIXED** bug, where `POST v2/recipe-deployments/{{deployment_id}}/sync` returns the HTML status code 500 when timeouts occur.
*   **FIXED** bug, which caused recipe `GET` to return data sample ID instead of its contents.
  *   To update the credential description, send the whole `credentials` array on the `PATCH` call. It will override the existing `credentials` array instead of merging it with existing values.
  *   To update the step name, send the whole `flow_templates` array on the `PATCH` call. It will override the existing `flow_templates` array instead of merging it with existing values.
  *   Please visit [API Docs](({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipes/patch_recipes__recipe_id)) for more information.
*   **FIXED** bug, when retrieving a data sample would timeout on the user interface even though the logs would show a successful execution.

## Components

### [Google Cloud Storage component](/components/google-cloud-storage/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED**  `Webhook` Trigger

### [Stripe component](/components/stripe/) `1.1.0`

*   **UPDATED**  internal library from `stringify` to `qs.stringify` to properly encode JSON data into `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` as required by the Stripe.

### [Plytix component](/components/plytix/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED**  new option `Return full object` in `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **FIXED**  missing metadata in `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Delta-Detection component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.2.0`

*   **ADDED**  `Delete Object/Record` Action
*   **REMOVED**  sensitive data from logs
*   **UPDATED**  the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1
*   **UPDATED**  the `maester-client` version to 5.0.1

### [Zoom Webhook component](/components/zoom-webhook/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger

### [Kafka component](/components/kafka/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Produce` Action
*   **ADDED** `Consume` Trigger

### [Email component](/components/email/) `1.2.4`

*   **FIXED** a typo in logs
