---
title: Product Update - v23.04
description: Details of the product update v23.04 from 26th of January 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.04"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-01-26
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.04.html
---

## improvements

### Embedded Recipe Page: Recipe Credentials Edit

We are introducing the ability to create embedded page for editing credentials for a single resipe's deployment. For this purpose we have created a new API endpoint:  `GET /v2/recipe-deployments/:recipe_deployment_id`. This endpoint requires same permissions and scopes as in `/v2/recipe/:recipe_id?include=recipe-deployments`. Please visit [API Docs](({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipe%20deployments)) for more details on this API endpoint.

For more informaition on Embedded recipe deployment please read this [article](/guides/embedded-recipe-deployment/).

### Create/Edit Recipe API-Call

We are introdusing `POST /v2/flows/export-to-recipe` API Call. With this call you can:

* export a set of flows to a recipe.
* update existing recipe with set of new flows.

This new, more powerful endpoint, replaces the old one - `POST /v2/flows/${flowId}/export-to-recipe`. Please visit [API Docs](({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipes/post_flows_export_to_recipe)) for more details.

### Flow Queues improvements

Before, the Flow Queues page displays the components inverted according to the flow graph (e.g if graph contain fork or content-based router) and don't display the step name, only the number.

Now we render step name on Flow Queues page (like on Flow Designer) and render flow graph at Flow Queues, Runlog Execution, Thread pages in the same way as at Flow Designer page.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2252/rn2304-flow-queues.png" title="Flow Queues" %}

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### OEM Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where TCP connection spamming from API to Elasticsearch during mass log retrieval. For this purpose we have created a singleton Elasticsearch client that will be used by `v2/logs`

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where it failed to render flow-queue page after quick publishing a flow-draft and running or rendering the old flow graph if the flow has a previous version.

*   **FIXED** bug, when the Credentials for components which uses secrets and **Recipe** page which uses secrets are failed to load. You will be shown a message inside the credential block stating that the user does not have permissions to view credentials and all credential fields are empty.

## Components

### [Shopify Admin V2 component](/components/shopify-admin-v2/) `2.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [AWS SQS component](/components/aws-sqs/) `1.1.1`

*   **SET** Visibility Timeout for `Receive Messages Long Polling` trigger to SQS server timeout by default

### [Pimcore component](/components/pimcore/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Raw Request` Action
