---
title: Product Update - v23.06
description: Details of the product update v23.04 from 9th of February 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.06"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-02-09
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.06.html
---

## Features

### New Recipe create/edit UI features

As a continuation of the updates introduced in Release [23.04](/releases/23/04#createedit-recipe-api-call), we have added new features related to recipes:

* ability to select multiple flows to export to recipe

* update an existing Recipe

All the changes start from the Flows page. First you have to start with exporting a flow to recipe:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2306/rn2306-export-recipe.png" title="Export Recipe" %}

Then you can select multiple flows to export and then click the corresponding button:

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2306/rn2306-select-multiple-flows.png" title="Select multiple flows" %}

On new model window you can configure your new recipe. You can name your recipe **(1)** and give it a description **(2)** - this field supports [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/). You can also give a description to credentials **(3)** and set up visibility **(4)**. After finishing configuration click on **Save**:

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2306/rn2306-configure-export.png" title="Configure export" %}

You can also update an existing recipe. In **Save as** drop-down please select option **Update existing recipe** Find a recipe you want to update in drop-down list and select it:

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2306/rn2306-select-recipe.png" title="Select recipe" %}

>**Please Note:** During the configuration process, you will need to specify credentials match for all components in the recipe where they are required:

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2306/rn2306-set-credentials.png" title="Set Credentials" %}

## Improvements

### Autostart flows on Recipe activation

We improved the behavior of` v2/recipes/:recipe_id/activate`[ endpoint]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipes/post_recipes__recipe_id__activate).
Now you don't need to start flows after activating a recipe - created flows are starting after activation automatically.

## Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where fake container error `The container could not be located when the pod was deleted. The container used to be Running` appears in Runlog.

*   **FIXED** bug with recipe activation URL. We set back the recipe URL to `{base_url}/recipes/{recipe_id}`.

*   **FIXED** bug when quota throw an error when copying multiple flows concurrently.

## Components

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **UPDATED**  the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1

### [Salesforce v2 component](/components/salesforce/) `2.5.1`

*   **FIXED** issue with `431` and `414` errors in `Get Updated Objects Polling` trigger
*   **ADDED** new configuration field `Selected Fields`in `Get Updated Objects Polling` trigger
