---
title: Product Update - v23.08
description: Details of the product update v23.08 from 27th of February 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.08"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-02-27
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.08.html
---

## Features

### Configurable Recipe Use for Contracts

As a continuation of the updates introduced in Release [23.06](/releases/23/06#new-recipe-createedit-ui-features), we have added new features in recipe management. This feature allows Tenant Admins and Owners to control which users are allowed to create/edit Recipes (by default, all users can use the recipes feature). You can set it up with a new permission `tenants.contract.edit_feature_flags` - allow to set the feature flags for Contract.

In this regard, POST and PATCH v2/contracts endpoins were changed - added an ability to set the feature flags for Contract.

> **Please Note:** this permission belongs to tenant admins by default.

Here you can see an example of a request body:

```
{
  "data": {
    "type": "contract",
    "attributes": {
      "name": "Contract name",
      "available_roles": [
        {
          "scope": "contracts",
          "role": "admin"
        }
      ],
      "flow_stats_enabled_default": true,
      "support_user_id": "5b4f337bff4304610483ba67",
      "custom_data": {
        "description": "Contract description"
      },
      "feature_flags": {
        "disable_recipe_feature": true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Please Note:** "disable_recipe_feature" set to "true" be default.

### Extend the UI view class `RESTAPIView` with the `application/x-ndjson`

We transformed "Content type" dropdown on the "Body" tab of the REST API v2 component to a text field with a dropdown of a hints:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2308/rn2308-rest-api-v2.png" title="Export Recipe" %}

- the hints appear when your cursor is over the field and list reacts when you enter characters into the text field.
- you can choose an item from the hints dropdown
- if nothing to choose, you can type your custom content type and save it
- we validate Content-type header according to [list of all the official MIME types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/media-types.xhtml).

### Reducing the refresh time of auth-secrets

Before we refresh token for auth-secrets in 1 minute before exparation. But some external APIs (as example, [ExactOnline](https://support.exactonline.com/community/login?ec=301&startURL=%2Fcommunity%2Fs%2Fknowledge-base%23All-All-DNO-Simulation-gen-apilimits)) don't allow to refresh secret very early.

We changed default time till refresh from 1 minute to 30 seconds.

## Improvements

### Change the text of the buttons "Delete" to "Unlink"

We continue to work towards the recipes feature. In this release we have changed the text in context menu and modals for managing recipe's deployments in the next way:

- "Delete" to "Unlink"
- "Delete With Flows" to "Unlink and Delete Flows"

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### New HElM enviroment variable

We are introducing a new HELM enviroment variable `RECIPES_FEATURE_DISABLED` - it controls whether users are allowed to create/edit Recipes. Set to **"false"** by default.

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where by changing contract the large, serif text is visible at top let of screen if your internet connection is slow.

*   **FIXED** bug, where jQuery on the login page was missing

*   **FIXED** bug with caching of Plytix component page.

*   **FIXED** bug with Infobip custom JAVA component. The `sailor-jvm 4.0.0` is published.
    >Backward incompatible changes. Replaced `javax.json` with `org.glassfish:jakarta.json:1.1.6`

## Components

### [Code component](/components/code/) `1.2.10`

*   **FIXED** vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.1`

*   **FIXED** input and output metadata for `Upsert Object` Action

### [Shopify Admin V2 component](/components/shopify-admin-v2/) `2.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **ADDED** `Execute mutation` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action

### [Microsoft Azure AD Component](/components/microsoft-azure-ad/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
