---
title: Product Update - v23.12
description: Details of the product update v23.12 from 23th of March 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.12"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-03-23
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.12.html
---

## Features

### Pub-sub support

Recipes can now contain the declarations.topics property with a list of pub-sub topic declarations. Users can define topic id in the same way as for credentials in the flow template.
On activaton of a recipe which contains topic(s) - we create the required topic(s) in the corresponding workspace.

> You can find more information about this new feature on the [API documentation page]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipes)

### Transform UI for "Settings" page to React

We have migrated the `Settings` section of the Flow Designer page to React. In addition, the platform saves any setting changes once you click outside the focus area. Alternatively, you can still hit 'Save' at top right.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2312/rn2312-flows-settings.png" title="Flows settings" %}

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### OEM Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, that causes the redis cluster to crash

**Special release procedure:**
1. Destroy old redis-cluster helm release.
2. Deploy new `redis-cluster` helm chart. It has updated default config which fixes the problem.

{% endif %}


## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where word searches with `CamelCase` and `Uppercase` did not work on the logs page. Search functionality on the logs page is now case insensitive - you can enter text in upper-case (A), lower-case (a) or mixed (AarDVarK).

*   **FIXED** bug with irrelevant search results if the user starts searching immediately after the flow page loads.

*   **FIXED** bug, where the queue reader sometimes misses changes in the state of thread queues.

## Components

### [Vtex component](/components/vtex/) `1.5.0`

*   **ADDED** `Selective Get New And Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **UPDATED**  the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1

### [WooCommerce component](/components/woocommerce/) `2.0.2`

*   **FIXED** `key $schema must not start with '$'` error that appeared after creating a recipe from a flow
*   **UPDATED**  the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1

### [Microsoft Azure AD component](/components/microsoft-azure-ad/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Linking or Unlinking objects` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Jira Cloud component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Zoho CRM component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.7`

*   **FIXED** bug where search criteria does not work properly in the Lookup Objects Plural action
