---
title: Product Update - v23.19
description: Details of the product update v23.19 from 10th of May 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.19"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-05-10
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.19.html
---

## Changes in accessibility to the Recipe feature
Starting from the next release `22.23` the `Recipe` feature will be available for the tenant-level of subscription. For Enterprise subscriptions the `Recipe` feature will be available at additional cost.

_Note: If you are interested to use the Recipe feature functionality please contact [sales@elastic.io](mailto:sales@elastic.io) for details._

## New Features

### Ability to transform BigInteger values into a string

* We added a new `node_config` option `consume_raw_data` into the Flow's attributes as a configuration option. This parameter configures the parsing behaviour in the webhook step. If selected, the webhook step receives an input message in the raw structure.
    * [Updated API documentation page](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/post_flows)
* We added ability to enable `raw` in the Send Sample request.
* We added `Consume Raw Data` configuration for step in the `Advanced Settings` menu.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/BigInt.png" title="BigInt" %}
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/RawData.png" title="RawData" %}


### Service "Bran" will store container reason

With this feature request `GET v2/containers` now returns `reason` and `exit_code` attributes.
This is a part of the platform optimisation and extending of its capability to withstand a high load. For this reason, we are moving forward to remove the Runlog and use a new "Containers" page that will display related information.

### Additional fields in OAuth2
Some instagram services use unusual authorisation schemas, so we added a New Auth Client Type `oauth2_instagram`.

In the `component.json` of `REST API V2 component` you need to define the `scopes`, because `OAuthFieldView` does not allow to specify it in credentials. E.g.:
```
"authClientTypes": [
  "oauth2_instagram"
],
"credentials": {
  "fields": {
    "auth": {
      "required": false,
      "viewClass": "OAuthFieldView"
    }
  },
  "oauth2": {
    "scopes": ["user_profile", "user_media"]
  }
},
```
>_Note: `HTTPAuthView` does NOT support `oauth2_instagram` type._

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/Creds.png" title="Creds" %}

### Transfer modal windows to the new styles: Transform UI for "Summary" page to React.
We applied a new design to the `Summary` tab on the Flow-Designer page and transfer it from ember to react.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/Summary.png" title="Summary" %}



{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

## Kubernetes Upgrade Maintenance Announcement
We are informing you that we will be performing a Kubernetes upgrade (v1.26) on our systems on 25/05/2023 from 17:00 to 19:00 (GMT+2).
During this time, some of our services may be not be available for short period, and you may experience intermittent connectivity issues. This upgrade is necessary to ensure that we continue to provide the highest level of service to our customers, with improved stability and security.
The Kubernetes upgrade will enable us to take advantage of the latest features and security enhancements, which will improve our overall system performance and help us better meet the needs of our customers.
We understand that any maintenance downtime can be inconvenient, and we will work to minimize the impact on your business operations. Our team will be monitoring the systems during the upgrade to ensure that everything runs smoothly.
If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact our customer support team, who will be available throughout the maintenance period.

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** bug `PATCH /v2/tenants/{tenant-id}/roles` makes changes in Database even if it fails.


## Components

### [Code component](/components/code/) `1.2.11`

*   **ADDED** `json-bigint` library

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.2.0`

*   **ADDED** new config fields to `Read CSV attachment` action:
    * `Skip empty lines`
    * `Comment char`
*   **ADDED** new config fields to `Create CSV From Message Stream` and `Create CSV From JSON Array` actions:
    * `New line delimiter`
    * `Escape formulae`

### [Jira Cloud component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Microsoft Dynamics Business Central Component](/components/microsoft-dynamics-business-central/) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** Verify credentials fails
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1

### [Marketo Component](/components/marketo/) `2.3.0`

*   **ADDED** Retry mechanism for requests to Marketo
*   **UPDATED** Trigger `Get New Leads Polling`:
    * **ADDED** `Emit page` option to `Emit Behaviour`
    * **ADDED** New config fields - `Page Size`, `Max iterations` and `Return Leads`
    * **ADDED** Metadata
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1
*   **UPDATED** to `node v18`

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.2`

*   **FIXED** Output metadata for `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **FIXED** Verify credentials fails
