---
title: Product Update - v23.19.1
description: Details of the product update v23.19.1 from 25th of May 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.19.1"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-05-25
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.19.1.html
---

# Kubernetes v1.26 upgrade changelog: 

### API Change
* Added error handling for seccomp localhost configurations that do not properly set a localhostProfile
* Fixed an issue where kubelet does not set case-insensitive headers for http probes
* Revised the comment about the feature-gate level for PodFailurePolicy from alpha to beta

### Features
* Kubernetes is now built with Go 1.19.9

### Failing Tests
* Allow Azure Disk e2es to use newer topology labels if available from nodes

### Fixed Bugs
* CVE-2023-27561 CVE-2023-25809 CVE-2023-28642: Bump fix runc v1.1.4 -> v1.1.5
  * Fixed cgroup removal error when using runc binary >= 1.1.6
* During device plugin allocation, resources requested by the pod can only be allocated if the device plugin has registered itself to kubelet AND healthy devices are present on the node to be allocated. If these conditions are not sattisfied, the pod would fail with UnexpectedAdmissionError error. 
* Fix incorrect calculation for ResourceQuota with PriorityClass as its scope.
* Fix: the volume is not detached after the pod and PVC objects are deleted
* Fixed a memory leak in the Kubernetes API server that occurs during APIService processing.
* Fixes a regression in kubectl and client-go discovery when configured with a server URL other than the root of a server.
* Number of errors reported to the metric storage_operation_duration_seconds_count for emptyDir decreased significantly because previously one error was reported for each projected volume created.
* Recreate DaemonSet pods completed with Succeeded phase
* Resolves a spurious "Unknown discovery response content-type" error in client-go discovery requests by tolerating extra content-type parameters in API responses
* Setting a mirror pod's phase to Succeeded or Failed can prevent the corresponding static pod from restarting due mutation of a Kubelet cache.
* [KCCM] service controller: change the cloud controller manager to make providerID a predicate when synchronizing nodes. This change allows load balancer integrations to ensure that the providerID is set when configuring load balancers and targets.

### Other
* A v2-level info log will be added, which will output the details of the pod being preempted, including victim and preemptor.

## Dependencies
### Added
_Nothing has changed._

### Changed
* github.com/opencontainers/runc: v1.1.4 → v1.1.6
* golang.org/x/mod: v0.6.0 → v0.8.0
* golang.org/x/net: v0.7.0 → v0.8.0
* golang.org/x/sync: 886fb93 → v0.1.0
* golang.org/x/sys: v0.5.0 → v0.6.0
* golang.org/x/term: v0.5.0 → v0.6.0
* golang.org/x/text: v0.7.0 → v0.8.0
* golang.org/x/tools: v0.2.0 → v0.6.0
* sigs.k8s.io/apiserver-network-proxy/konnectivity-client: v0.0.36 → v0.0.37

### Removed
_Nothing has changed._

