---
title: Product Update - v23.24
description: Details of the product update v23.24 from 16th of June 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.24"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-06-16
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.24.html
---

## New Features

### The `Runlog` has been removed from `Dashboard` page

As a part of our ongoing platform optimisation and extending its capability to withstand a high load, we have
removed the Runlog and implemented a new "Containers" page that will display related information. This change does not reduce the amount of logging information available to you. Instead it increases the information available for error handling and debugging while increasing the efficiency of the platform. 

### Implement new `Containers` Page

We implemented new menu `Containers` under the Analyze section.
The new page `Containers` will display information about containers and components inside. 
The main page displays logs for "Today" by default, and users can extend the date range by the filtering and Search fields.  The container logs save up to 30 days.
The `Containers` page displays next States:
* **Running** *(green flag)* - The container is currently running
* **Finished** *(green flag)* - The container is successfully shut down 
* **Finished** *(red flag)* - The container is stopped with registered error
* **Killed** *(green flag)* - The container is successfully stopped
* **Killed** *(red flag)* - the container was immediately terminated by the operating system
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2324/Container States.png" title="Container States" %}

To open information for the particular container click on `Step Name`. The single container page displays next information:
* Status - container's current status
* Flow Name - related to this container flow name *(opens particular flow designer page by clicking on the flow name)*
* Start Date - container start date
* Stop Date - container stop date
* Exit Code - current or last status code
* Reason - description of current or last status code
* Filtering - available by Search, Log Level and Date Range
* Details - log Date/Time, Log Level and Description
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2324/Container.png" title="Container" %}

*NOTE: Logs collected before this release won't be present on Container Details page.*

### Lookout will not process data/input messages

The Lookout does not process data/input messages to reduce the Mongodb load.
We introduced the new env var - `LOOKOUT_PROCESS_DATA` (default: `false`).
It controls whether the lookout consumes `data` and `input` non-retry messages.

### New data source for dashboard

As we disabled the data messages processing in the lookout we created a new data source for Dashboard.
We added two new bran endpoints
* get threads stats `GET /threads/stats`
* get containers errors counts `GET /containers/stats`

### Logs API supports filtering by `containers_id`
We added new query parameter `container_id` into `GET v2/logs` [endpoint](
https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/logs/get_logs).


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### Updated Recipes accessibility

We changed the helm env var `RECIPES_FEATURE_DISABLED` to `true`. It means that the Recipes are **disabled** for all contracts.
Before deploying, Tenant-Admin should update the feature flag for the necessary contracts with `disableRecipeFeature: false` to continue using the Recipe feature.
```
{
    "data": {
        "type": "contract",
        "id": "contract_id",
        "attributes": {
            "feature_flags": {
                "disable_recipe_feature": false
            }
        }
    }
}
```
*Note: The Recipes are available to activate. Only create and share actions are resricted.*

## Implement job for monitoring of stuck pods:
### Create a queues stats exporter

On the RabbitMQ node, we have created a service that gathers queues states.
Special release procedure: Create a slug then deploy it to RabbitMQ VM and start it there.
[Documentation](https://www.notion.so/elasticio/rabbitmq-stats-exporter-f8058679706a49ff91210c1f4607e198)

### Added React classes to "Components section" of Flow Designer page
The particular solution to fix an issue in CSS styles.
With the next release, this section will be transferred to React.

{% endif %}


## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** No error details on the Runlog: 
  * Flow's errors delete after 30 days according to TTL. If errors don't available for this reason, the next text will be shown on the Threads details page:
```
Details of errors that occurred more than 30 days ago have been removed and are no longer accessible.
``` 
  * For all flow only 1000 latest errors are available. If any flow reached this limit, the next text will be shown on the Threads details page:
```
The amount of errors produced by this Flow exceeds error record limit. Older error records were deleted to persist the most recent ones.
```

*   **FIXED** incorrect flow step state in `cloud-state-handler`
*   **FIXED** admiral malformed flow step state


## Components

### [Microsoft OneDrive component](/components/onedrive/) `2.0.0`

*   **IMPORTANT** The new version of the component! No backward compatibility!
*   **ADDED** new authentication mechanism
*   **ADDED** retries on server errors
*   **ADDED** retries on 429 (too many requests) errors
*   **ADDED** attachment URL provided directly in messages
*   **ADDED** support for uploading large files to OneDrive
*   **UPDATED** ReadMe

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.3`

*   **ADDED** titles to output metadata for `Lookup` actions and `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger

### [Kommo component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action

### [Google Cloud Storage component](/components/google-cloud-storage/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger

### [HubSpot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.6.0`

*   **DEPRECATED** `Webhook` trigger in favor of `Hubspot webhook component`

### [HubSpot Webhook component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Webhook` trigger

### [Jira Cloud component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** support `Jira Service Management Cloud`

### [Maester component](/components/maester/) `2.0.1`

*   **BREAKING CHANGE** changed output metadata structure. Introduced 2 objects - `metaHeaders` and `searchHeaders`
*   **FIXED** the issue when `Upsert Object` action did not save the search headers in Maester
*   **ADDED** `Don't throw an error` when updating an object with TTL

### [Salesforce component](/components/salesforce/) `2.6.0`

*   **ADDED** `Don't emit on empty results` checkbox in `Query` trigger

### [XML component](/components/xml/) `1.4.0`

*   **ADDED** support `attachments` inside message body for `XML Attachment to JSON` action
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to 2.7.1
*   **REMOVED** old dependencies

### [Dictionary component] `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Duplicates behavior` option
*   **FIXED** error on empty lines
*   **UPDATED** renamed configuration fields:
    * `From this table` to `From this column`
    * `To this table` to `To this column`

### [Mailchimp component](/components/mailchimp/) `1.0.4`

*   **FIXED** credential verification
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to 2.7.1