---
title: Product Update - v23.44
description: Details of the product update v23.44 from 31rd of October 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.44"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-10-31
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.44.html
---

## New Features
### Steps monitoring and limitation management service

The quota type per_contract_container_count_limit now controls the number of steps (including mapper) in active flows (both ordinary and real-time; in the running and sleeping states) per single contract. In simple words, the user can't start the flow if this quota is exceeded.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

*IMPORTANT NOTE: Clear the `resourcerecords` collection. It is needed to perform a request for sync quota for all quotas with Service Account credentials after deploying: `POST /sidedoor/quotatxns/sync/container` (`container`, `user`, `workspace`, `flow`).*

### Restoring deleted flow
All deleted flows are stored in our database for 24 hours  after deletion by default (controlled by env var `WIPER_CLEAR_DELETED_FLOWS_AGE_SECONDS`).
We created a functionality that allows tenant-admin to restore the flow during this period.

We introduced new endpoints:
`GET /v2/flows/deleted?workspace_id=` - to get the list of deleted flows
`POST /v2/flows/:id/restore` - to restore the deleted flow
The new permissions are granted to the Tenant Admin role:
`tenants.flow.view_deleted`
`tenants.flow.restore`

See [API DOCS](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows)


### Filter flows by components on the Flows page

**Backend**

Added new filter`[component_id]` into `GET v2/flows endpoint` to search by component name in the workspace.
See [API DOCS](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/get_flows).

**Frontend**

Added new filter "Component" to the Flows page. Using this filter the system will filter and display the flows that contain selected components. The filter is multi-select.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2344/CMP.png" title="Component" %}

### Forbade to change the contract name for TRIAL contracts

Introduced new attribute `type: full (default) | trial` to the contract model. See [API DOCS](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/contracts).
If the contract is created through the registration page the type will be set to: `trial` by default. With this attribute change the contract name is forbidden.
Also, we performed the migration and set up the type `trial` for all contracts that have `TRIAL_` in the name or custom data.


## Fixed Bugs

*   **REMOVED** Unnecessary warning messages during component executions
*   **FIXED** Webhook requests with malformed paths crush the platform services
*   **FIXED** API doesn't validate the `log_level` value for the `v2/flows` endpoint. Now, allowed values are: `trace`, `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`. See [API DOCS](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/patch_flows__flow_id)

{% endif %}

## Components

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials component](/components/rest-api-client-credentials-auth-component/) `1.0.1`
*   **UPDATED** Dependencies to the latest versions
*   **UPDATED**  REST client to be reusable

### [Mapper component](/components/mapper/) `1.0.1`
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.1`
*   **UPDATED**  `jsonata-moment` to `1.1.5` that supports `JSONata` `1.8.6`

### [Shopify Admin component](/components/shopify-admin-component/) `1.6.7`
*   **UPDATED** The credentials verification process to not require any Shopify scope (previously: `read_products` scope). The platform now utilizes the 'get_shop' endpoint, which doesn't necessitate any scope, as opposed to the previous 'list products' endpoint.

### [Salesforce сomponent](/components/salesforce/) `2.7.2`
*   **UPDATED** `Subscribe to platform events` Trigger:
    *   **FIXED** Duplicate retries if connections are lost
    *   **FIXED** Incorrect behaviour of `AuthFailure`

### [Shopware 6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.1.3`
*   **FIXED** An issue when the component crashes due to the input metadata for the `Upsert Object` Action
*   **FIXED** An error in the `Object Type` selection for `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action