---
title: Product Update - v23.48
description: Details of the product update v23.48 from 30th of November 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.48"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-11-30
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.48.html
---

## New Features
### CRON scheduling: Default cron expression - 10 minutes

Scheduling for CRON in the flows has been set to 10 minutes by default (controlled by env var `TASK_POLLING_INTERVAL`).
To change it - open **Settings** on the Flow Designer page and set the required range.

### Label for the selected component

On the **Flows** page added a label for the selected component if the filter is applied.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2348/ComponentFilter.png" title="Component Label" %}

### Suspend/Unsuspend flow with persistent queue

`Suspend` means that flows is not stopped and keep recevied messages and stored them in queue. Once staus will be chaged to `Unsuspend` all the messages will be pass trought.
If the flow is suspended:
**Allowed** actions to change the component version, mapping and credentials.
**Forbidden** the flow graph change.

Click [here](https://docs.elastic.io/getting-started/integration-flow.html#flow-states) to see more details about the Flow States.

### Components pusher does not log the icon in the console anymore

Now, the components pusher does not log the component icon in the console anymore.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** Error in receiving sample `Invalid username or secret provided`.
*   **FIXED** TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading `localeCompare`).
*   **FIXED** White-labelling in API Docs.
*   **FIXED** Flow Designer UI crashes when metadata contains an array without properties.
*   **FIXED** TypeError: Cannot convert undefined or null to object.
*   **FIXED** API pods restart due to Raven's errors while connecting to Mandrill.
*   **FIXED** Bug with tenant admin permissions (PATCH contact's `customData`).
*   **FIXED** API endpoint for adding an existing user to the specified contract has an incorrect body in Swagger.
*   **FIXED** Bug for cases where the flow was stuck in `stopping`/`starting` states after a manual restart.

## Components

### [Facebook component](/components/facebook-component/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` Action

### [Salesforce component](/components/salesforce/) `2.7.3`
*   **FIXED** Issue for real-time flows that sometimes have authentication errors

### [X (Twitter) component](/components/twitter/) `2.0.0`
*   **REVITALIZED** Component and migrated on Twitter API v2
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **REMOVED** `Search Tweets` Action
*   **CHANGED** Output metadata for `Post Tweet` Action

### [MongoDB component](/components/mongodb/) `1.6.0`
*   **ADDED** Support for MongoDB latest versions (incl. `7.0`)
*   **UPDATED** MongoDB Node.js driver to the latest version `6.2.0`
    *   **NOTE** Between MongoDB versions, certain things might have changed like the output format of data (metadata) emitted by some actions.
*   **NO CHANGES** for the old MongoDB versions (4.4 and older). MongoDB version can be chosen in the credentials.
*   **REMOVED** `keepAlive`, `useNewUrlParser` and `useUnifiedTopology` options in MongoDB for versions `5.0+` (still are available for older versions).
