---
version: 20
releaseDate: 2019-07-29
layout: comp-release
---

This release included updates and bug fixed to the following components:

*   [Google Spreadsheets component](#google-spreadsheets-component)
*   [Filter Component](#filter-component)
*   [Jdbc Component](#jdbc-component)
*   [Postgresql Component](#postgresql-component)
*   [Netsuite Component](#netsuite-component)

## Google Spreadsheets component

{{site.data.tenant.name}} iPaaS component to read and write to Google Spreadsheets

### Fixed bugs:

*   Remove fields `spreadsheetId`, `spreadsheetUrl` from `Create new spreadsheet action`, as theirs inputs are not affect on new spreadsheet creation.
*   README.MD is updated

## Filter Component

{{site.data.tenant.name}} iPaaS component to filter the incoming data based on an
arbitrary JSONata expression

### Updated Action: Simple JSONata Filter

`Assertion` Checkbox added: If checked, the checkbox adds Assertion functionality.
Instead of doing nothing, the component will throw an error when the condition is not met


## Jdbc Component

This is an open source component for working with object-relational database
management systems on {{site.data.tenant.name}} platform.

### New Action: Execute stored procedure

This action calls stored procedure from selected `DB Schema` and `Stored procedure` name.

## Postgresql Component

This is an open source component for working with PostgreSQL object-relational
database management system on {{site.data.tenant.name}} iPaaS, it also works well with AWS Redshift

### Updated Action: SQL Injection

`Number of retries in case of deadlock transaction` field is added.

You can specify the maximum number of retries, that is intended to help to solve
lock's issues in case of a deadlock transaction. The delay between retries is 1
second. Default value for this configuration field is 0, it means, that such
behavior is switched off (by default) and no any retry will be performed in case
of deadlock transaction.


## Netsuite Component

Main purpose of this component is to provide functionality to interact with
NetSuite ERP system.

### New Trigger: Get New and Updated Objects Polling

Generic trigger that polls NetSuite instance for new and/or updated objects (of
any type available in the NetSuite).

### New Actions:

*   Lookup Objects - Looks for objects available in NetSuite which meet given criteria.
*   Lookup Object By Id - Lookup an object by the Id provided.
*   Delete Object By Id - Deletes an object by the Id provided.
*   Upsert Object By Id - Either update an object in NetSuite by an Id provided or inserts as a new object if it does not exist.

### Other New features:

All previously existed triggers and actions marked as deprecated, as they are
not match with OIH standards:

**Deprecated Trigger:**

*   Search entity (Please use Get New and Updated Objects Polling Trigger instead)

**Deprecated Actions:**

*   Lookup Customer (Please use Lookup Object By ID Action instead)
*   Lookup Invoice (Please use Lookup Object By ID Action instead)
*   Upsert Contact (Please use Upsert Object By Id Action instead)
*   Upsert Customer (Please use Upsert Object By Id Action instead)
*   Upsert Invoice (Please use Upsert Object By Id Action instead)
*   Upsert Sales Order (Please use Upsert Object By Id Action instead)
*   Upsert Vendor(Please use Upsert Object By Id Action instead)
