---
title: Product Update - v22.02
description: Details of the product update v22.02 from 13th of January 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.02"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-01-13
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.02.html
---

**Happy new year from our team!** Thank you for being with us. We appreciate your trust
in choosing our platform. Our team is working in full capacity to provide
new exciting features without forgetting to fix some outstanding problems along
the way to improve your user experience.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} includes lot's of work under the hood. Our team is
working to improve and refactor some of the core microservices.

### Component deployments - path to new era

Our team is working towards more uniform component deployment mechanism. The one
which would work without involvement of our team. Many scenarios and mechanisms
are being considered. More details will come in our future releases.

With this release we have refactored an outdated code from the `gendry` service
to prevent component configuration change every time we deploy the platform code.

### Component version check

When you deploy a new version of your component code our system builds it and
saves it in the docker registry. This process also checks the version of the
deployed code. If the version (or component semver) is the same or below the
deployed version the deployment fails. Previously, the semver check would happen
as a last step of the component deployment causing unnecessary delays for the
component developer and resource consumption on the platform side.

In {{page.version}} we change this behaviour. Now the platform would perform semver
check in the beginning and reject with the message **Error: Repo Build with version x.y.z already exists**
if necessary.

### Logs page details improved

The three dots `...` for opening thread details in the end of the log string at
the Logs page now displays permanently instead of appearance on mouse hover.


## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the problem when external service unavailability would prevent rendering of the platform UI. Now the platform UI loading is unaffected by any exceptions or unavailability of the external services.
*   Fixed the UI bug when during the developer team or repository creation the mouse pointer would not be in the input field.
*   Addressed the bug when the validation error for JSON in the Topic page was given behind the text-area popup.

## Components

### [Sugarcrm component](/components/sugarcrm/) `1.1.5`

*   **ADDED** the missing metadata

### [Hubspot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.4.0` and `1.4.1`

*   **ADDED** support for File Custom Fields in `Upsert` action
*   **ADDED** option `Enable download attachments` to actions: `Lookup Objects`, `Lookup Object`, `Lookup Set of Objects`
*   **IMPROVED** the loading of component by reducing the icon file size
*   **FIXED** the bug with attachments uploading in the `Upsert` action

### [Git-Protocol component](/components/git-protocol) `1.1.0`, `1.1.1` and `1.1.2`

*   **ADDED** a new action `Read from Branch`
*   **FIXED** a bug when metadata could not be loaded in the `Create Commit` action
*   **FIXED** a bug in verify credentials

### [Docuware component](/components/docuware/) `1.0.0` and `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Documents (Lookup Objects Plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw File Upload Request` action

### [HJson component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Convert` action
