---
title: Product Update - v22.04
description: Details of the product update v22.04 from 27th of January 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.04"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-01-27
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.04.html
---

## Features

### Announcement: New design for Step configuration

> We would like to inform you all about the impending roll-out
> of the new **Integration flow Step configuration page during our next 22.06 release**
> (10th of February 2022). Our OEM customers will receive the detailed explanation
> of changes in advance.

Here is the difference of already configured integration step showing the summary
page:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2204/eio-step-slide-overview.png" title="New Step Designer" %}

We would like to draw your attention to the impending changes:

1.  The upper panel showing the progress will change into a vertical sliding structure. You can expand each section vertically.
2.  Here you have information about already configured component like the component name, developer team, component version, used function and the ID of credential.
3.  Shows buttons you can use to expand or collapse all sections at once.

Next screenshot shows details of a component configuration view where not all sections
are completed:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2204/eio-step-slide-details1.png" title="Details of step configuration" %}

Here you can see the difference between already configured sections (shown in green),
next section to configure (filled grey) and the other sections (hollow grey) which
will not be possible to configure unless the previous section is completed.

Next screenshot shows details of a component configuration view where the Jsonata
field has an incorrect entry:

 {% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2204/eio-step-slide-details2.png" title="Details of step configuration with error" %}

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} includes lot's of work under the hood. Our team is
working to improve and refactor some of the core microservices.

### Component deployments via Docker images

In our 22.02 release view announced our intention to find a new path for component
deployments. The one which would not require direct involvement of our support.

With this release we are happy to let you know that we have made significant progress
in identifying the reliable mechanism and testing our first node.js and Java component
deployments using the automated build processes from CircleCI.

Here is the workflow we have already in place:

1.  New version (`tag`) is created in the GitHub component repository and the release is published.
2.  CircleCI build process uses `appbuilder` + `apprunner` images.
3.  Docker image of the component is built with the `tag` version and submitted into the Dockerhub.
4.  An additional `latest` version is created at Dockerhub side each time code is updated.

Stay tuned for our next steps.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Quota for flow count

In the release [21.45 we announced](/releases/21.45) about the new quota feature capability to
limit flow counts per `workspace`, `contract` and `tenant`. To apply this quota
you must have either the **Service Account** or **Quota Manager** credentials.

*   If you host your own installation (on-premises case) then you already have these credentials.
*   If you have an OEM tenant on elastic.io hosted clusters talk to us for the quota management.

We have now a dedicated documentation page about the
[Flow Count Limit](https://on-prem.elastic.io/admin/quotas/flow-count-limit).

{% endif %}


## Components

### [Bigcommerce Component](/components/bigcommerce/) `1.0.0` and `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Create` action
*   **ADDED** `Update` action
*   **ADDED** `Delete` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object by ID` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects by multiple filters` action
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action

### [Utility Component](/components/utility/) `1.4.0`

*   **ADDED** `Log Message` action
*   **ADDED** `Create JSON Patch` action
*   **ADDED** `Apply JSON Patch` action
*   **UPDATED** dependencies
