---
title: Product Update - v22.08
description: Details of the product update v22.08 from 28th of February 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.08"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-02-28
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.08.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Step designer: Summary page

After introduction of the new flow step designer with the last release, we continue
our efforts to improve the user experience. This week we present an improvement
to the summary page. Now you have the component version and used function listed
along the credential and component name.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2208/summary-page-impr.png" title="Summary page improvements" %}

### Additional fields in OAuth2 type secret

You can now add additional fields along with the main OAuth2 type secret. To use
you must add additional fields into the `credentials` section of the `component.json`
together with the `oauth` field. For example:

```json
{
    "name": "Component Name",
    "authClientTypes": ["oauth2"],
    "credentials": {
        "fields": {
            "oauth": {
                "label": "Authentication",
                "viewClass": "OAuthFieldView",
                "required": true
            },
            "base_url": {
                "label": "Base URL",
                "viewClass": "TextView",
                "required": true
            }
        }
    }
}
```

This will render an additional field called `Base URL` along with other OAuth2
fields.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2208/auth-client-additional-field.png" title="Additional field rendered on UI" %}

You can also use the [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#create-auth-secret)
to save the credential (auth-secret) with the additional fields.

> **Please Note** this additional field will only works with the `oauth` credential
> type containing the `OAuthFieldView` viewClass.

### Hashing algorithm for storing credential

With {{page.version}} release the platform will start using `bcript`
(instead of `SHA-512`) to encrypt passwords before storing them into the DB. This
would mean:

*   The platform will use `bcript` to encrypt passwords of all new registered users.
*   Passwords for all existing users will be encrypted by `bcript` upon their next successful login or password change.
*   This transition is not backwards compatible. Meaning if the release is rolled-back you would need to reset your password to login.

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the UI bug when an error message remains after the cancellation of invalid changes to topic.
*   Addressed a problem when the flow data was not refreshed after publishing a draft and returning to the Flows Page.
*   Fixed the problem when the platform would give an error in case when webhook-type component credentials would not have `auth` field defined. Now the field is ignored and credentials shown.


## Components

### [Code component](/components/code/) `1.2.7`

**REVERTED** Node engine from `"node": ">=12.13.0"` to `"node": "12.20.0"`

### [Vtex component](/components/)

*   **ADDED:**
  - Upsert Object Action
  - Lookup Objects (Plural) Action

### [Bigcommerce component](/components/bigcommerce/)

*   **FIXED:** output metadata in some actions

### [Mercado Pago component](/components/)

*   **ADDED:**
  - Get New and Updated Objects Trigger
  - Make Raw Request Action
  - Lookup Object (at Most 1) Action

### [CSV component](/components/csv)

*   **ADDED** new Emit Behavior option: Emit Batch
