---
title: Product Update - v22.12
description: Details of the product update v22.12 from 24th of March 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.12"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-03-24
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.12.html
---

## Features

### Automated component deployments

With the platform version {{page.version}} we are releasing the new automated
component deployment feature. We introduced the underlying concept with the
[22.04](/releases/22/04.html#component-deployments-via-docker-images) release in
the end of January 2022. Here is the final workflow of the automated component
deployments:

1.  New version (`tag`) is created in the GitHub component repository and the release is published.
2.  CircleCI build process uses `appbuilder` + `apprunner` images.
3.  Docker image of the component is built with the `tag` version and submitted into the Dockerhub.
4.  An additional `latest` version is created at Dockerhub side each time code is updated.
5.  Platform runs a Kubernetes platform job called `component-pusher` at certain intervals checking the component Dockerhub `latest` version.
6.  If the version in Dockerhub differs from the platform existing version then it pulls new Docker image and pushes into platform docker registry.
7.  A new version of component is released for the platform users and can be selected while designing the flows.

> **Please Note** - we determine and set the configuration of platform `component-pusher` in HELM3 deployment
> charts. These configurations provide more options for each component. Here we present the typical scenario.

The automated component deployment process works along with the old git-push
workflow. You can push components via git receiver as well. Component-pusher will not
interfere with your pushed version.

## Improvements and Updates

### Node.js Sailor version `2.6.27`

We released a new version (`2.6.27`) of the Node.js Sailor library version. This
version includes an `npm` audit to CI and updated dependencies.

### Step designer

## Fixed bugs

## Components
