---
title: Product Update - v22.18.1
description: Details of the product update v22.18.1 from 5th of May 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.18.1"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-05-05
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.18.1.html
---

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements done in this round.

### Configure login attempts

You can now configure the number of failed login attempts allowed before users are locked out of the system.
We added a new variable `MAX_LOGIN_ATTEMPTS` to the HELM3 secrets chart. Tenant administration may set this variable according to their requirements. The fault value is set to five (5). Here is how we calculate this number:

*   In case you don't have 2-factor Authentication (2FA) enabled, this is the number of failed login attempts.
*   In case you have 2FA enabled, this is combined number of failed 2FA code and login attempts. This means if your user has 2FA enabled and succeeded with login but failed with 2FA more than the value of `MAX_LOGIN_ATTEMPTS` then your user will be locked out of the system. To unlock such users the tenant administration must first [disable 2FA for this user]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#disable-two-factor-authentication-(totp)-for-a-user) and instruct users to navigate `/forgot` address of the tenant to reset their password. This will reset the counter and user can login again.


## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Removing docker registry builds on component deletion

The platform builds a component docker image every time you push a new version of
your component. When you remove the component or a particular version of it from
the platform, an associated docker build will remain until you would remove it at
later stage directly from the docker registry.

With this update we improved the situation in the following way:
*   When you remove a version of your component, the platform removes the associated docker build.
*   When you remove your component entirely, the platform removes all builds of your component.
*   We created a special tool (`remove-deleted-repos-from-docker`) to help cleanup the remnant builds. [Contact us](/admin/reporting-issue) to get a copy of this tool.
*   As an OEM customer: You must configure your own docker registry to [enable delete images option](https://docs.docker.com/registry/configuration/#delete).
*   As an OEM customer, please be aware that the deletion from docker registry does not free the memory automatically. To free the memory you would need to run the [garbage collector](https://docs.docker.com/registry/garbage-collection/) job.

{% endif %}

## Components

### [CSV Component](/components/csv/) `3.1.3`

*   **FIXED** `Emit Batch` behavior

### [Woocommerce Component](/components/woocommerce/) `2.0.1`

*   **ADDED** `Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` trigger
*   **REMOVED** `Create Object` and `Update Object` actions removed in favor the new `Upsert Object` action.
*   **ADDED** metadata information to all actions.

### [Paypal component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** `Webhook` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Create Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Update Object` action
*   **IMPROVED** the input metadata in `Make a Payment` action

### [Vtex component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.0`

*   **ADDED** `Place Order` action

### [MailChimp component](/components/mailchimp/) `1.0.3`

*   **ADDED** an ability to set `Ansprache` field for `Add new Subscriber` action

### Updates to multiple components

As a part of our on-going improvements of integration components, we

*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.6.27`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities
*   **ADDED** the component pusher job to `Circle.ci` configuration.

Here is the list of components for {{page.version}} release.

*   [Code component](/components/code/) `1.2.8`
*   [JSONata transfer component](/components/jsonata/) `1.0.11`
*   [Router component](/components/router/) `1.0.0`
*   [Simple-trigger component](/components/simple-trigger/) `1.1.6`
*   [Splitter component](/components/splitter/) `1.4.1`
*   [WebHook component](/components/webhook/) `1.2.11`
*   [Mapper](/components/mapper/) `1.0.0`
*   [Filter component](/components/filter/) `1.1.3`
*   [REST-API component](/components/rest-api/) `1.2.19` and `2.0.12`. Both deprecated and V2 were updated.
*   [Woocommerce Component](/components/woocommerce/) `2.0.1`
*   [MailChimp component](/components/mailchimp/) `1.0.3`
