---
title: Product Update - v22.20
description: Details of the product update v22.20 from 19th of May 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.20"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-05-19
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.20.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Re-authentication for sensitive actions

While working on the platform interface it is possible that users can accidentally
change or delete important or sensitive information.

For such cases we introduce re-authentication for sensitive actions. After
{{page.version}} for the following actions you will be asked to enter your password
to authenticate:

*   Reading, copying and regenerating your API Keys.
*   Modifying your user details.
*   Disabling 2-Factor Authentication (2FA).
*   Inviting members to contracts.
*   Inviting and removing members from workspaces.

> **Please Note**: You will be asked to re-authenticate once every 6 hours.

{% include img.html max-width="40%" url="/assets/img/RN/2220/RN2220-reauth.png" title="Sensitive action re-authentication" %}

### Email verification during registration

To prevent erroneous and bot registrations we introduce email verification step to
our trial registration process. When you register first time with our platform, an email
will be sent to your given email address. Click on the link in your received email
to finish your registration. There are certain rules and restrictions to this process as well:

*   If you register using Single-Sign-on (SSO) Provider (OIDC/SAML) then the platform will not ask to verify your email address since you have verified it with your provider.
*   You must wait for 30 minutes before you can use the same email address to register.
*   The invitation to confirm your email is valid only for 1 day.

> **Please Note**: If you are invited to the platform directly, no email verification will be required.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### Separate MongoDB for Maester

When your integration flow needs to transfer big objects or attachments, one of
the platform microservices called Maester temporarily stores them in MongoDB while
passing only the object IDs through the integration flow steps.

Starting from {{page.version}}, you can use a dedicated database for storing Maester
objects and the run-time attachments. To configure, add `MAESTER_MONGO_URI`
environment variable to HELM3 secrets charts and set it to target this new database.

> Note: You will need to migrate the grids to new MongoDB as well to ensure the Maester
> object availability after implementation.

Organisations who do not need a separate MongoDB instance to store their Maester
objects should set the `MAESTER_MONGO_URI` variable to the same value as the
`MONGO_URI` variable. This will save objects in your main database.

### Setting authentication token lifetime

To configure the [re-authentication for sensitive actions](#re-authentication-for-sensitive-actions):
*   Add the `SENSITIVE_ACTION_AUTH_LIFETIME` environment variable to HELM3 secrets chart and set it to specify how long user authentications are valid. The system expect the value of this parameter in **milliseconds**. The default is set to 21600000 (6 hours).
*   Enable the `tenant.featureFlags.sensitiveActionsReauth` feature flag (set it to `true`).

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).


### White-labeled credential management

Developing integrations requires a certain level of access to business systems.
In cases where the integrators are not responsible for these systems it is critical
that only secure access is allowed and that system admins can control credentials
used To solve the dilemma we introduce **White-labeled credential management**
feature.

#### How does the White-labeled credential management work?

As an integrator you provide a unique URL to the credential holder to enter their access credentials without
registering or logging-in to the system. The access holder is presented an interface
to enter their credentials, verify them and save.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2220/RN2220-create-credential.png" title="OEM Create Credential" %}

In addition they can modify the existing credentials as well.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2220/RN2220-modify-credentials.png" title="OEM Modify Credentials" %}

For both cases they are presented with a simple screen to work with only the
specified credentials.

#### How to generate unique URL?

There are certain preconditions before you can enable this feature:

*   The end customer is already in the DB. This means you have to [create a user]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#create-a-user) for your credential holder, then [add him/her to the contract]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#add-a-new-member-to-the-contract's-scope) and [workspace]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#add-a-new-member-to-workspace) where the integration is to be developed. All these actions you can do with API calls using administrative access.
*   The newly created user must have only access to the credentials entity.
*   Your tenant has SSO provider (OIDC/SAML) with `autoCreateUsers` set to `false`.

Once the above conditions are met you can take the following steps to generate
the URL to request credentials from their owner:

The initial URL has a form `/embedded-credentials/repoId` where the `repoId`
would be the ID of component for which you need to set the credential. Then you
would need to add the following query parameters to this URL:

*   `workspaceId` (required) - this is the ID of the workspace where integration is set.
*   `ssoProviderType` (optional) - values can be `SAMLProvider` or `OIDCProvider`.
*   `ssoProviderId` (optional) - this is the ID of your SSO provider.

Let us construct the URL:
`TENANT_URL/embedded-credentials/[repoId]?workspaceId=[workspaceId]&ssoProviderType=[ssoProviderType]&ssoProviderId=[ssoProviderId]`

If you do not specify `ssoProviderType` and `ssoProviderId` then they will be
automatically taken from the `tenant.loginRedirectSsoProvider` property but only if this is defined.

### Setup Email verification

To set the [email verification process](#email-verification-during-registration)
in your tenant the following must be done using an [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#update-a-tenant) to update your tenant records using `tenantAdmin` privileges:

*   Enable the registration page - set the `attributes.hide_register` parameter to `false`.
*   Use `signin_v_2` type - add the `attributes.signin_v_2` attribute containing the URL of the provider logo using the `attributes.signin_v_2.logo_url` tenant parameter.
*   Enable `email_verification` feature flag (**NEW**) - set `attributes.feature_flags.email_verification` to `true`.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the error `Cannot add property token, object is not extensible` appears in the platform user interface when trying to evaluate JSONata expressions with `"$count()"`.

## Components

### [PayPal Component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** `Receive Instant Payment Notification` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Receive Payment Data Transfer` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Create Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Update Object` action
*   **IMPROVED** input metadata in the `Make a Payment` action


### [Microsoft One Drive Component](/components/onedrive) `1.0.5`

*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons-library` to read and upload attachments through the `Maester`
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.6.27`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities

### [Shopify Admin Component](/components/shopify/) `1.6.0`

*   **ADDED** validation `HMAC` signature for the `Webhook subscription` trigger

### [Petstore Component Java](/components/petstore-java/) `1.0.6`

*   **IMPROVED** the security by adding an automated vulnerability check run in CI/CD

### [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.4`

*   **IMPROVED** the security by adding an automated vulnerability check run in CI/CD

### [Vtex Component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.1`

*   **ADDED** `Place Order` action
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities
*   **ADDED** the component pusher job to `Circle.ci` configuration.

### [CSV Component v3](/components/csv/) `3.1.4`

*   **FIXED** memory leak on `Emit Batch` behavior for the `Read CSV attachment` action

### Updates to multiple components

As a part of our on-going improvements of integration components, we

*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.6.27`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities
*   **ADDED** the component pusher job to `Circle.ci` configuration.

Here is the list of components for {{page.version}} release.

*   [Marketo component](/components/marketo/) `2.2.4`
*   [AWS S3 Component](/components/aws-s3) `1.4.3`
*   [HJSON Component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.1`
*   [Zoho CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.2`
*   [Git Protocol Component](/components/git-protocol/) `1.1.3`
*   [Google Spreadsheets](/components/gspreadsheet/) `2.0.2`
*   [Salesforce Component v1](/components/salesforce/) `1.3.9`
*   [Salesforce Component v2](/components/salesforce/) `2.2.2` and `2.2.3`
*   [Simple Trigger Component](/components/simple-trigger/) `1.1.6`
*   [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.0.3`
*   [Utility Component](/components/utility/) `1.4.1`
*   [Magento2 Component](/components/magento2/) `1.6.6`
*   [GraphQL Component](/components/graphql/) `1.1.2`
*   [Pub-Sub Component](/components/pub-sub/) `1.0.8`
*   [MongoDB Component](/components/mongodb/) `1.5.9`
*   [CSV Component Old](/components/csv/) `2.2.1`
*   [Dictionary Component](/components/lookup-table/) `1.1.6` a.k.a Lookup Table Component
*   [ZIP Component](/components/zip/) `1.1.5`
*   [XML Component](/components/xml/) `1.3.5`
*   [Meracdo Pago Component](/components/mercado/) `1.0.1`
