---
title: Product Update - v22.22
description: Details of the product update v22.22 from 2nd of June 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.22"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-06-02
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.22.html
---

## Announcements

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

### ISO 27001 certification

> **We are ISO 27001 certified!** Check our
> [dedicated page](/admin/iso27001-certification) for more details and download
> the copy of our certificate.

### Temporary Duplication of Execution Numbers

As part of ongoing improvements we have refined our system architecture around
executions to speed-up the load of Executions page. As part of these
changes there is a temporary duplication of the number of executions recorded in
your executions page. No data is lost, there is no influence on quota use, and
these duplications will disappear as we end the transition phase in approximately
30 days. If you have any questions please contact our support directly.

### Attachment/object processing and storing

We are changing policies for our retention services. As platform traffic grows
the resource burden of retaining files becomes significant.

*   The attachment/object retention period is reduced to 3 days (72 hours)
*   The maximum attachment/object size is capped at 100 MB.

{% endif %}

## Features

### Flow designer header

To provide more vertical space during the flow design process we changed the flow
designer header behaviour. Now when the left-hand-side menu is closed the action
buttons and statuses merge up into the same line with flow title and description.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-flow-header-change.gif" title="Flow designer header" %}

You can reveal the flow title or the description text if they are longer by
hovering with your mouse pointer:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-hover-message.png" title="Hover to see the description" %}

## Improvements and Updates

### Copy code blocks from published flows

You can now select and copy to clipboard the text in:

*   Any mapping (including JSONata transform views),
*   The selected data sample,
*   Any code from the code component,
*   Data from retrieved sample.

Example shows copied code from the Node.js code component configuration view:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-copy-code.png" title="Copy code blocks" %}

### Credential ID permanently shown

Now you can see the IDs of any credentials while browsing through the list of
credentials in the Integrate > Credentials > Component Name:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-credentials-page-ID.png" title="Credential ID in Credentials page" %}

Or while configuring a step in your integration flow:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-flow-step-ID.png" title="Credential ID in Flow designer" %}


### Credentials used in REST-API component configuration

The credentials used while viewing the REST-API-V2 component step configuration
will be obfuscated for example:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-rest-api-cred.png" title="REST-API-V2 credential" %}


### Re-authentication for sensitive actions (continuation)

This is the continuation of our effort to prevent accidental change or deletion
of sensitive information. The first part was completed during the
[22.20](/releases/22/20#re-authentication-for-sensitive-actions) platform release.

This time we extend the list of actions for which you will be asked to enter your
password to authenticate:

*   Change user roles in Contracts and Workspaces.
*   Add or remove SSH Keys.
*   Remove member from Contract.

> **Again, please note**: You will be asked to re-authenticate once every 6 hours.


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.


### Enforcing Maester object size

We introduce a new variable (`MAESTER_MAX_SIZE_PER_OBJECT` in bytes) you can use to control
the maximum object size accepted by the Maester service. The default maximum value
is set 1GB. The recommended range is from 100MB to 1GB.


## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Email domain blacklist

If your domain has an an open registration page then you can block registration
from any domain by adding it into the domain blacklist. For this to work in your
tenant, make an [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#update-a-tenant)
to update your tenant records using `tenantAdmin` privileges:

*   Enable the registration page - set the `attributes.hide_register` parameter to `false`.
*   Add records to the blacklist - create the `attributes.email_domains_blacklist` record to contain comma separated domain names in an array object like `["example.com", "foo.bar"]`.

### Email verification with regular signup page

During the 20.20 platform release we introduced [email verification process](/releases/22/20#email-verification-during-registration) which worked only when the [`signin_v_2` were used](/releases/22/20#setup-email-verification).

Now you can use the email verification process even if you are using a regular
signup page in your tenant. To enable this feature in your tenant the following
steps must be done using an [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#update-a-tenant)
to update your tenant records using `tenantAdmin` privileges:

*   Enable the registration page - set the `attributes.hide_register` parameter to `false`.
*   Enable `email_verification` feature flag - set `attributes.feature_flags.email_verification` to `true`.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the user interface bug when the Execution page would not load for some time when the workspace contained execution of a flow who's author deleted his/her account permanently. Now you will see `[Deleted User]` instead.
*   Addressed the bug when `"Cannot perform 'get' on a proxy that has been revoked"` error was shown after evaluation of the JSONata mapping expression.
*   Fixed the user interface bug connected with the Dashboard graph when the horizontal line and values would sometimes overlap.
*   Addressed the problem when the registration page would sometimes create an empty contract even if the user would already exist in the Database.
*   Fixed the user interface bug connected with the loading a flow versions page when the aggregated document size would exceed 16MB limit of MongoDB.

## Components

### [REST API V2 component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **IMPROVED** the use of platform secrets

### [HJson component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.2`

*   **FIXED** the attachments URL

### [Delta-detection Component](components/delta-detection/) `2.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Write Entire Bucket Contents` action
*   **ADDED** `Read Entire Bucket Contents` action

### [utility component](/components/utility/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** `Network Diagnostics` action

### [Ipaas component](/components/ipaas/) `1.4.0`

*   **FIXED** issue - hydrate flow with `pubSubTopicName` at actions `Lookup Object By Unique Criteria` and `Lookup Objects (plural)`
*   **FIXED** issue - add logic to handle matching Pub-Sub topics at action `Upsert Object By Unique Criteria`
*   **FIXED** issue - hydrate flow with `componentSemanticVersion` at actions `Lookup Object By Unique Criteria` and `Lookup Objects (plural)`
*   **FIXED** issue - add logic to handle matching on Semantic Versions at action `Upsert Object By Unique Criteria`

### [Zoho CRM component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.4`

*   **FIXED** the attachment processing
*   **FIXED** Set the node engine to `16.x` (addresses error with Verify Credentials)
*   **ADDED** Environment variable `MAX_FILE_SIZE` to control attachment size limit
*   **UPDATED** component dependencies

### [Magento2 component](/components/magento2) `1.6.7`

*   **ADDED** support for Magento2 versions `2.4.4`
*   **FIXED** the integration tests

### Ukraine-alert component `1.0.0`

*   **NEW** component to receive raid alerts notifications in Ukraine
*   **ADDED** new `Get Ukraine Alerts Polling` trigger
*   **ADDED** new `Webhook` trigger

### [Google spreadsheet component](/components/gspreadsheet) `2.0.3`

*   **IMPROVED** Moved a delay between calls value from environment variables to credentials
*   **ADDED** a number of retry attempts field to credentials
*   **ADDED** retry logic that allows to avoid Quota exceeded errors

### [Docuware component](/components/docuware) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** bug with data shown in "Search dialog to use" field
*   **FIXED** attachments Url

### [JDBC component](/components/jdbc) `2.5.5`

*   **UPDATED** connection parameter `connectionTimeZone`, now it defaults to `SERVER` for MySQL connections

### [AWS S3 component](/components/aws-s3)

*   **FIXED** bug in Get New and Updated S3 Objects trigger when selected Emit Behaviour - Fetch All
*   **CREATED** new `Read file` action instead of existing due to incorrect output metadata, old one set as deprecated
*   **FIXED** memory leak for `Read file` action and `Get New and Updated S3 Objects` trigger, also added attachment url in message body to them
*   **UPDATED** default value for environment variable `ATTACHMENT_MAX_SIZE` increased from `10000000` (almost **10** MB) to `104857600` bytes (**100** MB)
*   **UPDATED** component dependencies

### [Paypal component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.1`

*   **ADDED** duplicate check of incoming message for Receive IPN message trigger

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.4.8`

*   **FIXED** memory leak for `Download Files/File by name` actions and `Read Files` trigger
*   **UPDATED** component dependencies
