---
title: Product Update - v22.24
description: Details of the product update v22.24 from 21st of June 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.24"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-06-21
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.24.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Change of Footer position

To extend vertical space of the flow designer screen we moved the Footer to the
bottom of side-menu. You can now see the platform version, Privacy Policy and ToS
links by opening the menu.

{% include img.html max-width="30%" url="/assets/img/RN/2224/RN2224-new-footer-design.png" title="New footer design" %}

### Re-authentication for sensitive actions (final part)

This is the 3rd and final part of our initiative to prevent accidental or malicious
changes to sensitive data and follows on from releases [22.20](/releases/22/20#re-authentication-for-sensitive-actions) and [22.22](/releases/22/22#re-authentication-for-sensitive-actions-continuation).

In this final part we extend re-authentication for sensitive actions to support
cases when a user logs in using OIDC/SAML. The user will be redirected to OIDC/SAML
provider for authentication.

> **Again, please note**: You will be asked to re-authenticate once every 6 hours.

This feature will work on all modern web browsers versions from:

*   Chrome `66+`
*   Firefox `63+`

### Component development and custom Dockerfile

To improve component deployment and build process we modernised the `appbuilder`
and `apprunner` docker images to address potential vulnerabilities in the `Node.js`
packages. All platform services, as well as the `Node.js` based integration components
are built with these images.

The modernisation brought some important changes which might affect you when you
deploy the new version of your component code.

*   You can use a custom `Dockerfile` to define the build process in the `Node.js` components. It must be in the root directory of your component code.
*   If you have previously used a custom `Dockerfile` you might have noticed that it was not used in the build process. Now the build process **will check for the existence of it and use it**. Which means if you have not updated your `Dockerfile` recently, chances are your component build might fail or the newly built component might not function as expected. **Check your `Dockerfile` before deploying or remove it from the component code if custom build parameters are not necessary.**
*   We now support `Node.js` version 18.
*   **IMPORTANT**: custom `Dockerfile` is not yet supported for Java components.

## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the bug in the object and attachment handling service. Now the service will retry streams on failure and will handle errors properly.
*   Fixed the user interface bug when the required field symbol (`*`) would not show after the metadata reload in case the mandatory fields were controlled by a checkbox.

## Components

### [Salesforce Component v2](/components/salesforce/) `2.2.4` and `2.3.0`

*   **ADDED** new `Type Of Search` - `External IDs` to `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** caching for metadata in the `Upsert Object` action (metadata needs to find fields that contain attachment)
*   **ADDED** timeout for `Upsert Object` action

### [REST API Component v2](/components/rest-api/) `2.0.13`

*   **IMPROVED** secrets only load once per container lifetime (per token expiration time in case of OAUTH2)

### [Vtex Component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** `Last interaction` option to `Time stamp field to poll on` in `Get New And Updated Objects Polling` trigger
*   **IMPROVED** `Get New And Updated Objects Polling` trigger to use [scroll](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/scroll) instead of [search](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/search) to collect all records

### [HJSON Component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.2`

*   **FIXED** url in attachment

### [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Read Entire Bucket Contents` action
*   **ADDED** `Write Entire Bucket Contents` action

### [Utility Component](/components/utility/) `1.5.0`

*   **ADDED** `Network Diagnostics` action

### [IPass Core Component](/components/ipaas-core/) `1.4.0`

*   **IMPROVED** flow with `pubSubTopicName` at actions `Lookup Object By Unique Criteria` and `Lookup Objects (plural)`
*   **ADDED** logic to handle matching Pub-Sub topics at actions `Upsert Object By Unique Criteria`
*   **IMPROVED** flow with `componentSemanticVersion` at actions `Lookup Object By Unique Criteria` and `Lookup Objects (plural)`
*   **ADDED** logic to handle matching on Semantic Versions at actions `Upsert Object By Unique Criteria`

### [Ukraine Alerts Component](/components/ukraine-alerts/) `1.0.0` and `1.0.1`

*   **ADDED** retries to every API call
*   **ADDED** `Get Ukraine Alerts Polling` Trigger
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger

### [Zoho CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.3` and `1.3.4`

*   **ADDED** `version` field to the component.json file
*   **FIXED** attachment processing
*   **IMPROVED** set node engine to 16.x (fix error with "Verify Credentials")
*   **ADDED** ENV `MAX_FILE_SIZE` to control attachment size limit
*   **IMPROVED** upgrade `component-commons-library` to v2.1.0


### [Magento2 Component](/components/magento2/) `1.6.7`

*   **ADDED** support for Magento2 versions 2.4.4
*   **FIXED** integration tests

###  [Shopify Component](/components/shopify-admin/) `1.6.1` and `1.6.2`

*   **ADDED** information about required permissions for the credential verification
*   **IMPROVED** more info in logs if got errors

### [ID Linking Component](/components/id-linking/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Write Entire Bucket Contents` Action
*   **ADDED** `Read Entire Bucket Contents` Action
*   **FIXED** label names for `Upsert Object` input metadata

###  [SFTP Component](/components/sftp/) `1.4.9`

*   **ADDED** file filter to the `Poll Files` trigger

### [Xero Component](/components/xero/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action

### [Email Component](/components/email/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** support for attachments from metadata. The metadata now is shown in the body.
*   **FIXED** how the component handles incoming Arrays. Now it stringifies the JSON bodies by default preserving the strings, numbers, and booleans.
*   **NEW** main library for sending emails (old one is now deprecated).
*   **IMPROVED** the code by migration to `TypeScript`.
