---
title: Product Update - v22.26
description: Details of the product update v22.26 from DATE.
layout: rel
version: "22.26"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-06-21
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.26.html
---

## Features

## Improvements and Updates

### Node.js Sailor version `2.6.28`

We released a new version (`2.6.28`) of the Node.js Sailor library version. This
version includes does not ignores errors from maester during lightweight message upload.

### Edit Snapshot button always present

Now it is possible to edit/set the snapshot for any step of any draft even if the flow has not been published or executed.

!!! PIC HERE!!!!

{% include img.html max-width="30%" url="/assets/img/RN/2226/RN2226-NAME.png" title="NAME" %}


### Modernize appbuilder/apprunner

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.


## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Email domain blacklist (continuation)

This is next part of our feature which allows to block registration from any domain by adding it into the domain blacklist from release.
[22.22](/releases/22/22#email-domain-blacklist). With this update you can to exclude domains from registering without specifying the suffix e.g. `.gmail`, `.de` etc.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   Duplicates of ports in bloody-gate-service.

*   Maester's remove-expired-objects cronjob does not removes objects correctly.

*   Editing samples in read only mode

## Components
