---
title: Product Update - v22.28
description: Details of the product update v22.28 from 14th of July 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.28"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-07-14
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.28.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Per-tenant frontend styles feature removed

We've removed the feature that builds per-tenant styles and applied them based on `tenant.cssEnabled` and `tenant.code property`. We also removed all tenant styles from our codebase. Please use `tenant.customStylesheets` instead.

> PLease visit our [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#tenants) for more information.

###  Mailchimp is no longer supported

Since Mailchimp is no longer supported we have removed everything related to Mailchimp from platform. It just removes redundant code from the code base and does not affect the [Mailchimp component](/components/mailchimp/).

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

###   Add Ability to Set Per-Service Custom Ingress Annotations

To increase flexibility in ingress configurations for different hosts we made a **breaking change**. We have changed the structure of the model properties `tenant.ingressConfig.annotations` and `helm.Values.global.services.handmaiden.annotations`. Please be **aware** that upgrading to elastic.io Tenants to this latest version requires the small changes described below:

  * `tenant.ingress_config.annotations` format changed, **unset it via API before upgrade platform with current release** and set to a new format after. This parameter must be reset via API call before updating to the latest version. Pleas use this API call:

```json
  {
     "data": {
         "type": "tenant",
         "attributes": {
             "ingress_config": {}
             }
  }
}
```

  * `global.services.handmaiden.annotations` HELM variable format changed, set it to new format during upgrade

 Here you can see the corresponding code for PATCH v2/tenants endpoint:

 <details close markdown="block"><summary><strong>Click to expand for more details</strong></summary>

 ```json
 {
     "data": {
         "type": "tenant",
         "attributes": {
             "ingress_config": {
                 "annotations": {
                     "app": {
                         "nginx/123": "123",
                         "nginx/456": "456"
                     },
                     "api": {
                         "nginx/123": "123",
                         "nginx/456": "456"
                     },
                     "webhooks": {
                         "nginx/mtls": "true",
                         "nginx/456": "456"
                     },
                     "apidocs": {
                         "nginx/mtls": "true",
                         "nginx/456": "456"
                     }
                 }
             }
         }
     }
 }
 ```

 </details>

> PLease visit our [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#tenants) for more information.

### Add "--push-retry" option to kaniko.

 To improve push behaviour we added `--push-retry` and made this configurable only via gitreceiver (deafult: 3). Please setup using `.Values.global.gitReceiver.dockerImageBuildJobPushRetry`.

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Support new component builder for java components

We are introducing a new `сomponent-build-helper` [version](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@elastic.io/component-build-helper) `0.1.0`. It also means that the old appbuilder is totally deprecated and is no longer supported. We have added custom dockerfile support for Java components.

> **Please Note:** For now our new component builder supports Java 8 based components only.

### Check for vulnerabilities after build using grype

Component vulnerabilities check in the build docker image is done by `сomponent-build-helper` during component build process. Components-build-helper has `build_component_docker` command which checks docker image vulnerabilities using grype tool.

> For more information please visit our [article](/developers/component-build-configuration) on Components build configuration requirements.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

* The status page will now be displayed during maintenance on React pages. The property "location" ("head" or "body", default: "head") has been added to `tenant.attributes.customScripts`.

> PLease visit our [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#tenants) for more information.

## Components

### [Stripe Component](/components/stripe/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Shopify admin component](/components/shopify) `1.6.3`

*   **UPDATED** `Lookup Objects` action, now the method `search` is used instead of `list` for the `customer` object type

### [XERO component](/components/xero) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** Lookup Objects (plural) Action
*   **ADDED** Lookup Object (at most one) Action
*   **ADDED** Void approved invoices or bills Action
*   **ADDED** Get Updated Objects Polling Trigger
