---
title: Product Update - v22.30
description: Details of the product update v22.30 from 28th of July 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.30"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-07-28
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.30.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Step designer: Credentials part

We have improved the credentials part to provide more unified user experience
during the flow design. The look and feel is now more in line with our new user
interface approach.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2230/RN2230-credentials-view.png" title="Credentials View" %}

In this new view we moved the **Verify**, **Edit** and **Delete** functions for
each credential to a contextual menu which you can open by selecting three dots in the end
of each credential record.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2230/RN2230-credentials-menu.png" title="Credentials Contextual Menu" %}


### Node.js Sailor version `2.6.29`

A new version of the Node.JS Sailor library `2.6.29` is released. For Users who
develop their own components using our SDKs this update enables keep-alive functionality
for the `https` outgoing connections as well. This functionality reduces the number
of `https` reconnects in favour of using already open connections.


### Component build helper `1.1.0`

A new version of the `component-build-helper` library `1.1.0` is released. This
library is used by the platform to build components when a new version of an
integration component is deployed. For more information check the
[component build configuration requirements](/developers/component-build-configuration)
document for supported Java versions and limitations.


## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed a user interface bug in the recipe activation page when the password was not obfuscated while creating a Basic Authentication credential.
*   Fixed a user interface a bug in the recipe activation page when the `Additional parameters` field in the Rest-API-component credential.

## Components


### Slack component `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action
*   **ADDED** `Post Message` action


### [Xero component](/components/xero) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **FIXED** the start time in the `Get Updated Objects Polling` trigger


### Google Spreadsheets component `3.0.0`

*   **UPDATED** authentication mechanism. Component will use [Secrets](/guides/secrets) system service to authenticate and refresh tokens.
*   **ADDED** `Create/Upsert/Update Spreadsheet Row` action
*   **ADDED** `Read Spreadsheet` action
