---
title: Product Update - v22.32
description: Details of the product update v22.32 from 11th of August 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.32"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-08-11
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.32.html
---


## Improvements and Updates

### Continued improvements

As part of ongoing program of improving our code base and in-line with our ISO27001
processes we have recently completed a number of improvements to both address existing
vulnerabilities and prevent potential vulnerabilities being released. Instrumental
to this approach is the use of regular scans of our code base during back ups.

An high-level overview of our InfoSec standards and processes are
[available here](/admin/iso27001-certification).

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### Scalability of services

elastic.io platform runs many services under the hood, such as `webhooks`, `api`, `frontend`, etc.

Most of these services can be replicated, which allows the services to be scaled
horizontally to address the required load and volume. However, some platform
services are inherently not scalable. In this update we removed the possibility
to define scaling within HELM chart configurations for `bloodygate` and `handmaiden`
services.

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Contract level custom metadata

We introduce a new possibility to add a custom metadata to the contracts. A new
section called `custom_data` can be used to store non-sensitive string data up-to 1MB in
size. To add, edit and read contract custom metadata you need to have
`contracts.contract.edit_custom_data` permission (`tenantAdmin` has this permission
by default) to perform `POST`, `PATCH` and `GET` calls to the `/v2/contract` API endpoint.

This new feature enables Tenant Owners to better differentiate different types
of Contracts they supply to their Clients and Users. For instance, a selection
of different Contract types can be defined and automatically created, deployed,
and maintained using this metadata as basis. Each contract type can have a wide
range of specified features, such as GB RAM quota limits, numbers of users or
workspaces, and even connector whitelists.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   We corrected the error type for the `PATCH` call to `/v2/flows/{FLOW_ID}` when an invalid team name or an invalid trigger/action name are defined in the command parameter. Now you will get `4xx` type error instead of `5xx` which better reflects the situation.

## Components

### [Shopify component](/components/shopify) `1.6.4`

*   **UPDATED** error messages in actions
*   **UPDATED** Upsert Object action to match on criteria other than Shopify ID

### [Snowflake component](/components/snowflake) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** ability to read from views
*   **UPDATED** Polling Trigger to allow to Emit Individual Records

### Updates to multiple components

Dependencies updated for the following Node.js components where updated:

*   [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.5.0`
*   [Batch component](/components/batch/) `2.0.2`
*   [Request-reply component](/components/request-reply/) `1.2.4`
*   [Maester component](/components/maester/) `1.0.3`
