---
title: Product Update - v22.34
description: Details of the product update v22.34 from 25th of August 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.34"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-08-25
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.34.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Informative error messaging for invalid SSH key entries

When we introduced [support for newest SSH versions](/releases/22/14#ssh-keys-and-ssh-88)
for the user SSH keys used to deploy components, we deprecated the old `ssh-dss`
types. If users enter an unsupported or incorrect SSH the user interface now
displays an informative error message instead of simply disabling the 'Save' button.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2234/RN2234-ssh-key-screen-error.png" title="SSH Key screen in case of Error" %}

### Deployment of Externally Build Dockers

This capability will provide an alternative to Git push deployment of user developed
components and is of interest to enterprise clients wishing to condense entire
integration flows into single custom components and maintain control at the docker level.

At this earliest stages we lay our groundwork by updating the component
`commons` and `api` to support components pull from external docker registries.
The following new attributes were added:

*   `docker_registry` object into the HTTP `POST` call to `/v2/teams/`
    *   `attributes.docker_registry.uri` - Docker Registry URI
    *   `attributes.docker_registry.credentials` - Docker Registry credentials
*   `docker_repo_name` and `docker_target_tag` in the `POST` HTTP call to `/v2/components` (can be set if its team has `docker_registry` object)
    *   `attributes.docker_repo_name` - String representing component's name in docker registry. Available only if team supports docker registry
    *   `attributes.docker_target_tag` - String representing component's tag in docker registry. Available only if team supports docker registry

> Please note, as of this stage these attributes have no functionality attached to them.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### Dashboard Runlog retention period

The flow execution statistics presented on the Dashboard Runlog are stored
in the platform Mongo Database. This is in contrast to the flow execution threads, shown
on the Executions pages, which are stored separately in the Clickhouse.

When you access the Dashboard Runlog, the platform queries the MongoDB to get these
records. This call to the Database can slow-down the page load for the high-end users.
For this purposes it is prudent to limit the retention period of data in the Database.

Previously you could only control the retention period by enforcing `expireAfterSeconds`
option in the Database index holding the execution records. In this release we
introduce a new `TASK_STAT_START_INDEX_TTL` environment variable to the HELM3 charts,
which you can use to set retention suitable for your environment. This mandatory
environment variable has a **default value of 432000 seconds (5 days)**. Which
means the platform will store the Dashboard Runlog records for 5 days in the Database.

#### Breaking Changes

Setting the `TASK_STAT_START_INDEX_TTL` environment variable to control the retention
period of the Dashboard Runlog is recommended for the new installations of the platform.

If your platform installation already has the retention period set in the Database
prior to your installation of the platform {{ page.version }} version then your
environment variable [will not be applied](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/v4.2/reference/command/createIndexes/#index-options). If you need to change the value you must
change the Database index setup prior to the deployment of the current release.

If you need to change the retention period of Dashboard Runlog in the future, remove
the `expireAfterSeconds` option of the Database index holding the Dashboard Runlog records,
set the value `TASK_STAT_START_INDEX_TTL` of environment variable and then deploy
the platform version again.

### Kubernetes 1.22

Our platform is now compatible with the Kubernetes version `1.22`.

### MongoDB TLS verification

You can now enforce MongoDB TLS verification in all platform services by using
newly introduced HELM3 chart configurations:

*   `.Values.global.secrets.mongodbTlsCertificateKey` - secret name with the TLS certificate and key. If specified, will be mounted to the services and specified in the [`tlsCertificateKeyFile` connection option](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/3.6/api/global.html#MongoClientOptions).
*   `.Values.global.secrets.mongodbTlsCA` - secret name with CA certificate to validate MongoDB server certificate on the client side. If specified, will be mounted to the services and specified in the [`tlsCAFile` connection option](https://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/3.6/api/global.html#MongoClientOptions).

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Improvements to white-lebel credential management

Here we present further improvements to the recently introduced
[White-label credential management](/releases/22/20/#white-labeled-credential-management) feature.
Now you can use HTML inline frame or **iFrame** to embed the credentials.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Embedded Credentials Demo</title>
  <style>html, body, iframe { height: 85%; width: 90%; margin: 0;}</style>
</head>
<body>
  <iframe src="https://[eio_platform_domain]/embedded-credentials/[repoId]?workspaceId=[workspaceId]&ssoProviderType=[ssoProviderType]&ssoProviderId=[ssoProviderId]" />
</body>
</html>
```

The embed URL construction scheme is the same. Refer to the
[22.20 release](/releases/22/20#how-to-generate-unique-url) for details.

> Please note: if you opt to provide white-label credentials using iFrame advise
> your customers to enable pop-ups in their browsers for your page.


{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the bug when an HTTP `POST` to `/v2/workspaces/:id/secrets/:id/refresh` endpoint would return outdated `access_token` instead of the newly refreshed value.

## Components

### [Qualtrics component](/components/qualtrics/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects` polling trigger
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Generate Custom Distribution Link` action
*   **ADDED** `Getting Survey Responses` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action

### [Google Spreadsheets V2 component](/components/gspreadsheet-v2/) `1.0.1`

*   **IMPROVED** the component behavior in case of `429` status code. Now it will retry the messages with an [exponential backoff](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff).
*   **IMPROVED** the component behavior in case of `5xx` errors. The messages will be retried with an exponential backoff as well.

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.5.1`

*   **UPDATED** component the `component-commons-library` to the version `3.0.1`

### [SugarCRM component](/components/sugarcrm/) `1.1.6`

*   **ADDED** `email1` and `email2` fields for metadata of Contacts module in the `Upsert Action`
*   **UPDATED** `elasticio-sailor-nodejs` to `v2.6.29`

### [Shopware V6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Request-Reply component](/components/request-reply/) `1.2.5`

*   **UPDATED** the `maester-client` library version to `4.0.2`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons-library` to the version `3.0.1`

### [Zoho Subscription component](/components/zoho/) `2.0.0`

*   **UPGRADED** authentication mechanism to `OAuth 2.0` and migrated to the Secrets service
*   **UPDATED** the sailor library to version `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** build time dependencies
