---
title: Product Update - v22.38
description: Details of the product update v22.38 from 22nd of September 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.38"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-09-22
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.38.html
---

## Improvements

### Credentials Page: Search by component name

In our quest to improve every aspect of our User Interface, we added a search functionality
to the Credentials page. When you navigate to Integrate - Credentials you can now
use the Search by component name to find the credential card you need instead of
scrolling the page to find it.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-credentials-search-by-name.gif" title="Credentials Page: Search by component name" %}

### WebHook Step: Send sample request

When you configure WebHook component step in your integration flow, you can either
**Send sample request** or **Add sample manually**. When you select to send sample
request a WebHook address is provided which you can use to send your example sample.

We changed the wording to highlight that this address to be used **only one-time** to
send a representative sample which you can use to configure subsequent steps in your
integration flow.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-webhook-send-sample-request.png" title="WebHook step: send sample request" %}

### REST-API-V2 component POST and PUT body type

While configuring the REST-API-v2 component step in integration flows to `POST` or
`PUT` JSON body, we use `application/json` content type but forget to change the
input field from [Integrator to JSONata mode](/guides/mapping-data#jsonata-mode).
When the configuration is saved, the HTTP call body is saved with an incorrect
format resulting in unexpected or erroneous outcome during the flow execution.

To improve the user experience and prevent an accidental JSON data structure pasting
into the Body field while in an Integrator mode, we changed the User Interface
behaviour to default into JSONata mode when an `application/json` content type is
selected for the `POST` and `PUT` HTTP calls.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-rest-api-v2-jsonata.png" title="REST-API-V2 step: JSONata mode for POST/PUT" %}

### Run-time environment variables

During the integration step execution, components exchange information with the
platform services and database entities using already defined run-time environment
variables. We are constantly working to standardise and add new environment variables
to streamline the information exchange. The following environment were added to
the run-time:

*   `WEBHOOK_URI` - This environment variable will be available to each step in the flow which exchanges the data with the webhook service of the platform, eg. [WebHook](/components/webhook/) or [Flow-linking](/components/flow-linking/). This environment variable from the Tenant attributes `webhooks_domain` or from the HELM3 environment variable `WEBHOOKS_BASE_URI` if the Tenant record is missing.

*   `ELASTICIO_CONTRACT_ID` - This environment variable will be available during the run-time of every execution including:
    *   Verify credentials
    *   Select model
    *   Dynamic metadata
    *   Generated samples and flow execution

## Updates

### Node.js Sailor version `2.7.0`

A new version of Nod.JS Sailor library `2.7.0` is released. This update lays a
preparatory groundwork towards the message persistence feature.

### Java Sailor version `3.4.0`

A new version of Java Sailor library `2.7.0` is released. This update lays a
preparatory groundwork towards the message persistence feature.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### Message persistence configurations

In our effort to introduce the message persistence for the integration flow steps
we added a `.Values.global.persistentMessage` new configuration parameter to the HELM3 chart.

### Iron-bank service Scalability

The `Iron-bank` service which collects statistics from the running integration flows
is now scalable. The service is now running as Kubernetes DeamonSet together with
the `cadvisor`. This reduces the load on the system significantly.

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Components Pusher

#### HELM3 configuration changes

To extend the automatic component delivery to include custom developed components, we
modified the `componentsConfiguration` section of HELM3 charts in the following way:

```yaml
componentsConfiguration:
  developmentTeam: teamName
  components:
    componentName:
      # Image tag for pulling into the internal docker registry. Required, can be "latest"
      targetTag: latest
      # Image name by which to pull repo from registry. Optional, `team_name/repo_name` by default
      dockerRepoName: "orgName/repoName"
      # Team where create RepoBuild. Optional. Will override root `developmentTeam` on the `components` level
      developmentTeam: teamName
      # Access for the component in the platform context. Optional, `global` by default
      access: team
```

> Please Note: These are breaking changes and you should carefully revise your setup if you intend to use this feature.

*   `developmentTeam` - unchanged
*   `componentName` - unchanged
*   `registry`, `url`, `repo` and `tag` got changed into `dockerRepoName`, `developmentTeam`, `targetTag` and `access`. Please review these changes carefully.

Along with these changes the following new required variables were introduced:

*   `DOCKER_REGISTRIES_ENCRYPTION_KEY` used to encrypt credentials for docker registries
*   `COMPONENTS_PUSHER_AUTH_USERNAME` used to authenticate to components-pusher server
*   `COMPONENTS_PUSHER_AUTH_PASSWORD` used to authenticate to components-pusher server

The components-pusher expects to find these variables to deploy the component docker
images into your default team.

The new approach expects to also find a new optional `TEAM_DOCKER_REGISTRY` environment
variable in case of custom developed components. It is defined in the following way:

```yaml
TEAM_DOCKER_REGISTRY:
   uri: "https://index.docker.io/v1/"
   credentials:
       username: ""
       password: ""
```
For the `uri` system expects `string` containg the address of docker registry.
The `credentials` object can have the following properties:
*   `authFile` - path of the authentication file
*   `registryToken` - bearer token for accessing the source registry
*   `username` and `password`

If none of the above are used - `components-pusher` will try to access the registry
anonymously.

#### Behavior Changes

The `component-pusher` is not longer a cronjob but a fully integrated service of
the platform. It runs in Kubernetes cluster in a single instance (replicas non-configurable).

The service runs following way:

1.  Regularly checks for new builds for repositories with `dockerTargetTag` fields in the `repo` documents.
2.  When new builds of repository are detected they are copied into internal docker registry.
2.  The frequency of checks is configurable with the `.Values.componentsPusher.processLoopInterval` parameter of the `component-pusher` service. The frequency of checks is set in millisecond(ms). The default is 86400000 ms (1 day).
3.  The `component-pusher` uses the newly added internal endpoint (`/copy/:component_id?version=:version`) to pull of the specified component and version from docker registry. Uses basic authentication with `COMPONENTS_PUSHER_AUTH_USERNAME` and `COMPONENTS_PUSHER_AUTH_PASSWORD` values defined in the HELM3 charts.


{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the User Interface bug when the execution logs could not be copied.
*   Fixed the bug in the Threads and Execution Pages when the Time picker selection would behave wrong.
*   Addressed the limitation when credentials fields (`oauth` and additional fields, `baseUrl`, etc ) could not be retrieved in the `OAuthFieldView`. Now all fields can be accessed directly from the `cfg` object.

## Components

### Microsoft Dynamics CRM V2 component `1.0.0`

Introducing new component for Microsoft Dynamics CRM.

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action

### [Marketo component](/components/marketo/) `2.2.5`

*   **FIXED** required fields bug when non required field would show as required and block configuration of the step.

### [Shopware 6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** new authentication method using `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET` credentials
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger

### [HJSON component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.3`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons` library version to `3.0.2`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [Zendesk component](/components/zendesk/) `1.0.2`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons` library version to `3.0.2`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [VTEX component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.3`

*   **FIXED** output metadata for the `Lookup Object (at Most 1)` action for Object Type - Orders
*   **FIXED** incorrect behavior of the `Allow ID to be omitted` option in the `Lookup Object (at Most 1)` action
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`

### [Shopify component](/components/shopify/) `1.6.5`

*   **ADDED** retry on `429` error (respecting the `Retry-After` header)

### [Hubspot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.5.3`

*   **FIXED** the `Verify` credentials
