---
title: Product Update - v22.40
description: Details of the product update v22.40 from 6th of October 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.40"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-10-06
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.40.html
---

## Improvements

### Developer Teams: New design & improved functionality

We continue to update our User Interface to improve ease of use. This time it is
the UI surrounding Developer Teams that is updated. When you navigate to
Development > Developer Teams you will notice new uniform design:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2240/RN2240-developer-teams-new.png" title="Developer Teams: New design" %}

Along with the new design we added a functionality to delete the developer team
using the User Interface. Previously this functionality was only available
via [an API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/teams/delete_teams__team_id_).

> Please Note: You can only delete a Developer Team when it contains no
> respoitories. The platform will give an error if you attempt to delete it when
> there is even one repository.

## Updates

### Java Sailor version `3.5.0`

A new version of Java Sailor library `3.5.0` is released. This update adds
support for Java 17.


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaboration
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements included in this release.

### Helm chart: Cron job resources defined

Platform has number of cron jobs performing different functions. With this release
we added kubernetes resource definition for:

*   gendry
*   wiper conrjobs
*   git-receiver cronjobs
*   maester cronjobs
*   lookout cornjobs



## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Force pull/push for externally built docker components

In this update of our [automatic component delivery](/releases/22/38#externally-build-docker-components)
feature we introduce a new [API endpoint]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2/#force-pull-of-a-component-version-from-external-docker-registry) to force pull of a component version from external
docker registry: `POST` `/v2/components/:component_id/docker-pull/:version`. This
endpoint forces pull of a component version from external docker registry. The
component must belong to one of the user’s team which supports the docker registry.

### Executions details loading and Clickhouse

To streamline the proper data replication between Clickhouse cluster and reduce
internal efforts to constantly update the Clickhouse-mongo dictionaries with every
update of Clickhouse version we performed the following changes:

*   The User Interface (`frontend`) will load flow and user names directly from the MongoDB, instead of the `bran` service.
*   Removed the Clickhouse-mongo dictionaries and all related resources. **Our OEM customers can delete mongo dictionary from clickhouse instances and mongodb proxy from HA-Proxy.**

> Please Note: as a regular user of the platform you don't need to do anything.
> You will not notice any difference. This change is for customer who run a version of
> of the platform on their premises.

{% endif %}

## Components

### [Shopware 6 component](components/shopware-6/) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** sample retrieving in some actions
*   **IMPROVED** Error handling in `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger


### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/microsoft-dynamics-crm-v2) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects` Polling Trigger
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Extract Raw System Metadata` Action

### [REST API v2 component](/components/rest-api) `2.0.14`

*   **UPDATED** to use `sailor-nodejs` version `2.6.29`

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM](/components/msdynamics-crm)

*   **COMPONENT HAS BEEN DEPRECATED**

### Updates to multiple components

*  **UPDATED** the sailor library to version `2.6.29`
*  **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies
*  **ADDED** new headers `User-Agent` and `x-request-id`

For the following components:

*   [Utility component](/components/utility/) `1.5.2`
*   [Docuware component](/components/docuware/) `1.1.2`
*   [AWS S3 component](/components/aws-s3/) `1.5.2`
*   [Microsoft OneDrive component](/components/onedrive/) `1.0.6`
*   [XERO component](/components/xero/) `1.2.1`
*   [PayPal component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.2`
*   [Zoho CRM component](/components/zoho-crm) `1.3.5`
