---
title: Product Update - v22.42
description: Details of the product update v22.42 from 20th of October 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.42"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-10-20
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.42.html
---

## Improvements

### Developer Team Pages: New design & improved functionality

We continue to update our User Interface to improve ease of use. This time it is
the UI of every Developer Team that is updated. When you navigate to
Development > Developer Teams > your team you will notice new uniform design:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2242/RN2242-developer-team-inside-new.png" title="Developer Team: New design Inside" %}

Along with the new design we added a functionality to delete member of the
developer team using the User Interface. Previously this functionality was only
available via [an API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/v2#/teams/delete_teams__team_id__relationships_members).

> Please Note: You can delete all members from a Developer Team. This will not
> delete the repositories, however, you will not see the developer team in your
> list of developer teams. Your membership to any existing developer team can be
> restored by the tenant Administration (`tenantAdmin` role holder).

### Swagger based API documentation

We change the way our platform API documentation is rendered. From now on it will
be presented using OpenAPI Swagger specifications. The address to the API
documentation is the same: [{{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2).

## Updates

### NodeJs Sailor version `2.7.1`

A new version of NodeJs Sailor library `2.7.1` is released. When you use this
version of library in your NodeJs components, it will use `maester-client v4`
instead of `object-storage-client`.

### JSONata version `1.8.6` supported

We upgraded the `jsonata-moment` library (`1.1.5`) to support JSONata version `1.8.6`.
This core dependency is used in our User Interface and the components to evaluate JSONata
expressions.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### White-labeling API docs

With new implementation of the Swagger based API documentation, we introduce a new
configuration for the tenant records which you can use to change the look and
content of the API documentation for each tenant in your environment:

```json
"api_docs_config": {
  "top_bar_background_color": "red",
  "custom_css_url": "http://host.com/custom.css",
  "theme": "outline",
  "hidden_tags": ["vpn agents", "sshkeys"]
}
```

*   `top_bar_background_color` - set the value of this parameter to any CSS color to change the top bar panel's background colour
*   `custom_css_url` - set the value to an URL for custom CSS file to be included in the API documentation
*   `theme` - Name of the known Swagger theme to use for rendering (allowed values are: `classic`, `feeling-blue`, `flattop`, `material`, `monokai`, `muted`, `newspaper`, `outline`)
*   `hidden_tags` - Array of tags to hide in the API documentation. In this context the tags are sections in the API documentation like VPN Agents or SSH-keys.

{% endif %}

## Components

### [HJSON component](components/hjson/) `1.0.4`

*   **UPDATED** to use `sailor-nodejs` version `2.7.0`
*   **FIXED** errors when receiving attachment from the Maester

### [Akeneo component](components/akeneo/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Splitter component](components/splitter/) `1.4.2`

*   **UPDATED** to use `sailor-nodejs` version `2.7.0`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies
*   **FIXED** message processing
*   **IMPROVED** the Maximum Delay timer in Re-assembled message action by reducing it to 20 sec

### [Salesforce-v2 component](components/salesforce-v2/) `2.4.1`

*   **FIXED** loop bug in the `Get Updated Objects Polling` trigger
*   **UPDATED** to use `sailor-nodejs` version `2.7.0`
