---
title: Product Update - v22.46
description: Details of the product update v22.46 from 17th of November 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.46"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-11-17
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.46.html
---

## Improvements

### Mapper can map objects

The mapper User Interface (UI) now supports the mapping of objects, including
their sub-structures.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2246/RN2246-object-mapping.gif" title="Object mapping" %}

You can map object sub-structures like before by clicking on the arrow right
beside the component icon. You can also click on the name of the component to map
the entire object. This is also true for objects inside the objects. Click on the
object name to include it in the mapping.

## Updates

### Component builder helper `2.0.1`

We released the new version of the component builder helper, `2.0.1`. It can now
process custom Dockerfile property.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}


## OEM Related

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Quota management API

The [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}) now includes all endpoints
for the quota management in your installation.

> Please Note: You need quota management or service user credentials to use these
> endpoints in your installation.

{% endif %}


## Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where the step configuration data were copied between branches during the switching.
*   **FIXED** bug, where you could not set additional fields in the `HTTPAuthView` credentials object.
*   **FIXED** bug, where the UI would fail during the [GraphQL component](/components/graphql/) credential creation.

## Components

### [Hubspot component](/components/hubspot/) '1.5.6'

*   **FIXED** output metadata for `Upsert` action

### [Lookup Table component](/components/lookup-table/) '1.1.7'

*   **UPDATED** the Node.js `Sailor` library version to `2.7.0`
*   **ADDED** async to a process action
*   **FIXED** the bug when input values were not stringified before being processed.

### [Salesforce component v2](/components/salesforce/)'2.4.2'

*   **IMPROVED** error handling in the `Lookup Objects` action

### [JDBC component](/components/jdbc/)  '2.5.6.'

*   **UPDATED** the Java `Sailor` library version to `3.5.0`
*   **UPDATED** limitations description about the custom timezone behavior


### [Microsoft dynamics business central component](/components/microsoft-dynamics-business-central/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` action

### [Amazon SQS component](/components/aws-sqs/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Delete Message` action
*   **ADDED** `Receive Message` action
*   **ADDED** `Send Message` action
