---
title: Product Update - v22.48
description: Details of the product update v22.48 from 1st of December 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.48"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-12-01
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.48.html
---

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Feature

Information in this section is intended for our customers who use the
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### White-labeled recipe management

In this release we introduce the recipe management feature for creating and
deploying the integration solutions at scale. You can now embed the entire
solution in your platform, App or website. Your clients can now access and deploy
flows without leaving your platform or site - they simply select an integration
that you list and enter their credentials.

> Please note that you will need to trigger the necessary API calls to the platform
> so that the User, workspace, etc. are created and so that the flow is deployed.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2248/RN2248-embed-recipe-activation-form.png" title="Embed recipe activation form." %}

You can see an embedded form for recipe activation on a screenshot above. The following
instruction show how to create a similar page for your case.

> Please Note: You must have `tenantAdmin` role to succeed.

### Initial setup

The whole idea of recipe activation form embedding is to make the process as easy
as possible for your user. You take over the entire process of user creation and
registration and manage it behind the scene. Your user gets one URL to a form
to fill-in the necessary fields and activate the integration solution.

Here are the steps:

1.  Create a user - (`taenantAdmin` [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/users/post_users)).
2.  Add the newly created user as a contract member - (`tenantAdmin` [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/contracts/post_contracts__contract_id__members)).
3.  Add the same user as a workspace member - (`tenantAdmin` [API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/workspaces/post_workspaces__workspace_id__members)).
4.  Revise user to allow necessary access required to activate a recipe.
5.  Create a onetime token for the user - ([API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/users/post_users__user_id__one_time_token)). **Not ready for the `tenantAdmin` role holder**. Contact support for help. We expect to deliver this option by the next release.
6.  [Generate the access URL](#generate-access-url) for your user.
7.  Create and host [embed page](#embed-page).
8.  Confirmation for successful activation.

### Generate access URL

The access URL to a form must have the following format:
`https://[platform_domain]/embedded-recipe?recipeId=[recipeId]&oneTimeToken=[oneTimeToken]&contractId=[contractId]`

*   `platform_domain` (required). Your platform domain.
*   `recipeId` (required). Recipe ID which you want the user to activate.
*   `oneTimeToken` (required). Onetime token you generated earlier (step 5) to authenticate your user in the platform.
*   `contractId` (optional). Contract ID in which the user will activate the recipe. If you omit this parameter then the platform will use the first available contract where user is registered.

### Embed page

You can create an embed page following the example:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Embedded Credentials Demo</title>
  <style>html, body, iframe { height: 85%; width: 90%; margin: 0;}</style>
</head>
<body>
  <iframe src="https://[platform_domain]/embedded-recipe?recipeId=[recipeId]&oneTimeToken=[oneTimeToken]&contractId=[contractId]" />
</body>
</html>
```
Here we use the generated URL in `iframe`. You can shape and style your page
according to your needs.

### Successful activation

When a user successfully activates a recipe, the platform sends a message with
a Recipe Deployment ID to the parent window.

```json
{
    "action": "eio:embedded-recipe:activate-success",
    "data": {
        "recipeDeploymentId": "RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT_ID"
    }
}
```
## Recipe deployment API

To manage recipes in scale and enable easy management we introduced
the [recipe deployment]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipe%20deployments)
new endpoints to our API. Along with this change, we updated related API endpoints
for consistency.

### Recipe deployment permissions

To manage recipe deployments for each tenant, we introduced `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.GET`,
`GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.SYNC` and `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.DELETE` permissions.

> Please Note: The `PATCH` and `DELETE` calls to edit or delete the flows will now
> return `409` Conflict (Can not delete flow, because it has recipe deployment relation)
> when the flow is part of a recipe deployment. You must first sever the connection between them. Check the
> [`GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.DELETE`](#globalrecipe_deploymentdelete) section to learn how.

#### `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.GET`

With this permission you can retrieve the recipe deployments using the
`?include=recipe-deployments` parameter in the `GET` `/v2/recipes` HTTP call.
The answer will include the connected `RecipeDeployment` in a response.

The standard user can fetch only recipe deployments:

*   That are deployed into a workspace where they are member,
*   All recipe deployments in their tenant if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.GET` permission in the `TENANT` scope,
*   All recipe deployments in the installation if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.GET` permission in the `GLOBAL` scope.

#### `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.SYNC`

This permission allows to stop the flows connected to a certain recipe, update it
to the latest version of the recipe and start it again. By default the `tenantAdmin`
role has this permission.

With this permission you can make `POST` HTTP request to `/v2/recipe-deployments/:id/sync`
to stop the flow, update and restart it.

The standard user can sync recipe deployments:

*   That are deployed into the workspace where they are member and the flow edit permission is granted,
*   All recipe deployments in their tenant if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.SYNC` permission in the `TENANT` scope,
*   All recipe deployments in the installation if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.SYNC` permission in the `GLOBAL` scope.

#### `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.DELETE`

This permission allows to delete the recipe deployment but not the flows created
from it. It effectively cuts the connection between recipe deployment and the flow.

With this permission you can make an HTTP `DELETE` call to the `/v2/recipe-deployments/:id`
endpoint to delete the recipe deployment only.

The standard user can delete the recipe deployment:

*   That are deployed into the workspace where they are member and the flow edit permission is granted,
*   All recipe deployments in their tenant if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.DELETE` permission in the `TENANT` scope,
*   All recipe deployments in the installation if they have `GLOBAL.RECIPE_DEPLOYMENT.DELETE` permission in the `GLOBAL` scope.



{% endif %}

## Components

### [Plytix component](/components/plytix/) `1.0.0` and `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Link or Unbind object` action


### [Bigcommerce component](/components/bigcommerece/) `3.0.0`

*   **REMOVED** `Create a Payment` action. Note this is a breaking change

### [Batch component](/components/batch/) `2.0.6`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [ZohoCRM component](/components/zoho-crm) `1.3.6`

*   **FIXED** bug in the verify credentials process

### [Id-linking component](components/id-linking-component) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` action
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`

### [ZIP component](/components/zip) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** Maester support
