---
title: Product Update - v22.50
description: Details of the product update v22.50 from 15th of December 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.50"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-12-15
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.50.html
---

## Features

### Recipes list: User Interface

In this release we introduce a new dedicated page for recipe management accessible
through the new **Recipes** menu item available under the **Integrate** section.
Recipes enable Users to develop an integration once and then deploy that recipe
multiple times for any of their clients or end-users. These recipes can contain
single or collections of flows, from which end users can select the flows they need.

We list all recipes available to a User in the **Recipes** page. The format
and style matches the **Flows** page design.


{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2250/rn2250-recipes.png" title="Recipes" %}

We display the number of deployments of these recipes on each Recipe Card. Each
deployment can include more than one integration flows and these we display
when you click **Show Deployments** on the Recipe Card.

You can deploy running integration flows from any listed Recipe by hitting the
**Activate** button.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2250/rn2250-recipe-card.png" title="Recipe Card" %}

> Please note: you can delete the recipe deployment by selecting the cog menu on
> the recipe card. However, you can only delete recipe deployments with `workspace`
> visibility and only when you have `Admin` role in the workspace. You can not
> delete public recipes (those with `Tenant` or `Global` visibility).

Click on a recipe title on the card to open a dedicated recipe section
which includes **Recipe** and **Deployments** pages accessible through the tabs on
the top. The **Recipe** page contains information about the recipe. From here you
can press **Activate** to create a flow based on this recipe.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2250/rn2250-recipe-activation-page.png" title="Recipe Activation Page" %}

> **Please Note: we changed the access URL of an individual recipe page.** Now it
> contains the contract ID and has the following form:
> `{base_url}/c/{contract_id}/w/{workspace_id}/recipes/{recipe_id}`

If you have used this recipe before to create a flow, the **Deployments** page will
list them all.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2250/rn2250-recipe-deployments.png" title="Recipe Deployments" %}

From here you can:
*   Open the flows if you have the required workspace access.
*   **Upgrade** the flow using a new recipe version if available.
*   **Delete** the recipe deployment - severing the connection between flow and recipe.
*   **Delete With Flows** - deleting the recipe deployment with the associated flows (one recipe deployment can contain more than one flow).

## Improvements

### New flow designer graph UI

We continue to improve our flow designer Page. Now when you create or change a flow
you will notice a new, more uniform, design with components of the flow displayed
inside squares instead of circles.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2250/rn2250-new-flowsteps-design.png" title="New flowsteps design" %}

We have also updated designer page graph - now it uses react portal.


## Components

### [Plytix component](/components/plytix/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Product Bulk` action

### [Shopify Admin component](/components/shopify/) `1.6.6`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`

### [MongoDB component](/components/mongodb/) `1.5.10`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`

### [IPaas Core component](/components/ipaas-core/) `1.5.1`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`

### [Amazon Selling Partner component](/components/amazon-selling-partner-api/) `1.0.0` and `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Execute operation` Action
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.1.6`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`

### [AWS SQS component](/components/aws-sqs/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Receive Messages Long Polling` trigger

### [Shopware 6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.1.2`

*   **FIXED** schema to support both namings e.g. `product_flat` and `Product`
*   **UPDATED** Limited number of (infinitely in general) nesting depth of 'parent' and 'children' objects for Products metadata to 1
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`
