---
title: Product Update - v22.52
description: Details of the product update v22.52 from 29th of December 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.52"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-12-29
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.52.html
---

## Features

### Additing tenant roles

We have changed the name of permission `tenants.tenant.edit_roles` to `global.tenant.edit_roles`.

Now `PATCH /v2/tenants/:tenantId/roles` allows to create a new role with permissions in a tenant scope. We have also updated API endpoint `PATCH /v2/tenants/{tenant_id}/members/{user_id}` which allows granting any role from the tenant's scope to any user. The permission `tenants.user.generate_one_time_token` can be granted to any user inside the tenant.

### Abbility to read recipies by SERVICE_ACCOUNT

Our goal is to make easy-to-use recipes. In a recent release [22.48](/releases/22/48#initial-setup), we have already begun some improvements in this direction. Now we are introducing a new permission`GLOBAL.RECIPE.GET` to view all recipes based on the permission's scope and provide the new permission to `SERVICE_ACCOUNT` with the Global level. This is the first step in the development of a new feature, in which the new role of the superuser will allow you to review and approve recipes, as well as to change their level up to tenant or global if necessary.

> **Please Note:** All updates related to the API are detailed [here]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2).

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### Scalable Redis Cluster

We are working on the Redis Cluster improvements. We made Redis Cluster scalable according to the load increases.
Please follow the instruction below to deploy the cluster:

1. Deploy the secrets chart first.
2. Deploy bitnami/redis-cluster chart. Ask support for the config.
3. Wait until all 3 instances of redis-cluster are up and running.
4. Make a regular deployment.

New secrets config variable:

`REDIS_CLUSTER_PASSWORD` - the password of redis cluster instances.

{% endif %}

## Fixed bugs

*   **FIXED** bug, where additional fields can't be saved in faceless credentials.
*   **FIXED** bug, where the step number was duplicated. Now you can change the name of the step, but the step number will remain displayed.
*   **FIXED** bug with red Router branch indicator. Now if you have unconfigured Router branch its panel has a red border:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2252/rn2252-cbr-fixed-bug.png" title="CBR fixed bug" %}

## Components

### [NetSuite component](/components/netsuite/) `3.0.0`

*   **Breaking change** - User credentials authentication mechanism has been removed. As it is no more supported by Netsuite SOAP API
*   **UPDATED** API version to `2022.1`
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `3.4.0`
*   **ADDED** `required` dependencies to component.json fields
*   **ADDED**  Circle.ci job to build and push images to Docker Hub

### [SAP ByDesign component](/components/sap-bydesign/) `2.1.4`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `3.4.0`

### [Google Cloud Storage component](/components/google-cloud-storage/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED**  `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED**  `Upload file` Action
*   **ADDED**  `Download file` Action
*   **ADDED**  `Delete file` Action

### [Router component](/components/router/) `1.0.1`

*   **UPDATED** jsonata-moment library to 1.1.5 in order to support Jsonata 1.8.6
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.7.1`
