---
title: Product Update - v21.33
description: Details of the product update v21.33 from 19th of August 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.33"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-08-19
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.33.html
---

## New Release Schedule

With the {{page.version}} platform version we are changing the schedule of release
notes to every 2 weeks instead of every 4 weeks to synchronise with the release of
HELM3 charts. Our commitment to deliver release to our OEM customers every 4 weeks
remains unchanged.

## Improvements and Updates

### Platform software version

Starting from the {{page.version}} version you can clearly identify the platform
software version in the UI and in the header of every authorised API call response.

> **Please note** This is an optional, configurable setup and your tenant
> administration might choose not to show this information in your case.

On the UI the platform version is shown along with the bottom links of
privacy policy, terms of service and Imprint.

The authorised API call response would contain the platform version in the header
`x-ipaas-platform-version` parameter.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Platform version parameter

With introduction of [platform software version](#platform-software-version) option
we added a new configuration parameter `Values.global.displayPlatformVersion` in
the HELM3 charts with a default value `true` (to show on the UI).

### PSS deprecation and backward compatibility

With the deprecation of Platform Storage Slugs service we introduce a parameter
which you can used to ensure backward compatibility in cases when you wish to
keep the attachments longer in your installation.

A standard procedure is to save the attachment for the period of integration flow
execution process. This is determined with a parameter `STEWARD_ATTACHMENTS_LIFETIME_DAYS`
which we recommend to set 1 or 2 days. If your system setup has longer periods set
for attachments then you must set the `PSS_BACKWARD_COMPATIBILITY` parameter in the
`values.yaml` of the HELM3 chart to `true` so your system can use the old attachments
created before the deployment of {{page.version}} platform version.

> **Please Note** We recommend keeping the `PSS_BACKWARD_COMPATIBILITY` parameter
> `true` for the period indicated in your `STEWARD_ATTACHMENTS_LIFETIME_DAYS`
> parameter and setting it to `false` after the indicated period of over.

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Deprecation of Platform Storage Slugs

From the platform release {{page.version}} we are deprecating the Platform Storage
Slugs (PSS) service and transferring all attachment and objects storage capabilities to
our Maester service. This deprecation would not be felt by the regular users of
the platform. All existing endpoints to submit and retrieve attachments will not
change. The following change will take affect in the back-end of the platform:

*   The `buildType: docker` will be the only supported build process. We will enforce it even if it is not explicitly set in the `component.json` of your component. This will prevent saving the components code as slugs (the old method).
*   Steward service, responsible for working with attachments, will work with the Maester as back-end instead of the PSS.

> **Please Note** Deprecation of PSS service is applicable/relevant for existing on-prem
> installations of the platform. All new installations from the version {{page.version}}
> are not affected.

### Improvements for AKS support

With {{page.version}} release we extended and improved the AKS (Azure k8s) support.
In particular:

*   Support for internal load-balancer in AKS run system. To enable set the `Values.global.cloudProvider` to `"AZURE"`.
*   Support for log collection in `cri` and `json` formats for cases with `containered` deployments.

{% endif %}

## Components

### [Maester component](/components/maester/) `1.0.1`

*   **ADDED** new nice logo!
*   **FIXED** bug with Lookup Object action error handling

### [Salesforce component](/components/salesforce/) `2.1.0`

*   **ADDED** new action: `Raw Request`
*   **ADDED** new action: `Upsert Object`
*   **DEPRECATED** old `Upsert Object` action
*   **UPDATED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger:
    *   Default size of pages to be fetched changed from `1000` to `10000`
    *   Restriction `maxFetch should be maximum 10000 objects` is removed

### [REST-API component v2](/components/rest-api/) `2.0.10`

*   **FIXED** bug with response charset `utf-16le`

### [Exact Online Component](/component/exact-online/) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** tests preventing the deployment
*   **UPDATED** the nodejs sailor version to `2.6.26`

### Build fixed for following components:

*   [Amazon MWS Component](/components/amazon-mws/)
*   [NetSuite Component](/components/netsuite/)
*   [Dun-and-bradstreet Component](/components/dun-and-bradstreet/)
*   [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/)
*   [Bazaarvoice Component](/components/bazaarvoice/)
