---
title: Product Update - v21.39
description: Details of the product update v21.39 from 30th of September 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.39"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-09-30
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.39.html
---

## Features

### Development section

With the platform release version {{page.version}} we introduce a separate
sub-section to the navigation menu to logically separate the component Development
from the rest. A new Development section includes the link to Developer Teams as
well as the try metadata tool (mentioned in the [21.37 release](/releases/21.37#try-metadata-tool)).

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2139/rn2139-development-menu.png" title="Development menu." %}

The development teams are no longer linked from the contract management screen.
Contract Members, Workspaces and the Quota Usages are still accessible via the
Contract Settings section.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} contains number of improvements under the hood which
are not obvious for the users. Our team worked hard to:

*   Improve the alerting of some edge cases when some micorservices would report false failed hatchecks.
*   Extend the internal metrics collection from all microservices to Prometheus.
*   Improve error handling for non-2xx responses from the Mandrill which is used to send platform emails. This improvement would allow troubleshoot cases of failed email sends.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Developer section

Newly added Development section can be hidden if desired via the following CSS parameters:

```css
[data-key="developer-teams"] {
  display: none!important;
}

[data-key="metadata-test"] {
  display: none!important;
}

[data-key="development"] {
  display: none!important;
}
```

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Certificate Manager

With platform version {{page.version}} we introduce a possibility to manage the SSL
certificate using the certificate manager of your choice. The following changes were
made in the `Handmaiden` platform microservice:

*   We introduce new optional environment variable called `CERT_MANAGER_ISSUER_NAME`.
*   If the `CERT_MANAGER_ISSUER_NAME` is specified, then will use the issuers for the ingresses, created by handmaiden tenant-operator. You do not need to create secrets in this case.
*   We also introduce the `CERT_MANAGER_ISSUER_KIND` variable. Default value: `issuer`. Use this value for the issuer annotation. If the `CERT_MANAGER_ISSUER_KIND` is equal `cluster-issuer`, use cert-manager.io/cluster-issuer annotation in the created ingresses.
*   Default tenant certificate is optional (not created if not provided).

For the HELM3 declare the configurations and bind it to the handmaiden environment
variables like:

```yaml
    handmaiden:
      issuer:
#        name: letsencrypt-issuer
#        # Available values: issuer/cluster-issuer
#        kind: issuer
```

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the platform API service response incorrect code (`5xx`) while making an HTTP `POST` call to the `/v2/contracts/{CONTRACT_ID}/(un)suspend`. Now the API responds with `204` if you try to un-suspend an active contract and with `202` if the contract is already suspended and you try to suspend it one more time.

## Components

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** new actions:
    *   `Custom query`
    *   `Insert`
    *   `LookupRowByPrimaryKey`
    *   `DeleteRowByPrimaryKey`
    *   `Select`

### [Shopify component](/components/shopify/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** a new action called `Make Rew Request`
*   **UPDATED** the node.js sailor version to `2.6.26`


### [Splitter Component](/components/splitter/) `1.3.0`

*   **UPDATED** the `Re-assemble message` action. Implemented option to select processing behavior of incoming messages.
