---
title: Product Update - v21.41
description: Details of the product update v21.41 from 18th of October 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.41"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-10-18
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.41.html
---

## Features

### Retry from Step

Up to this point, when an error occurred in the thread, you could exit the message and then initiate a retry at the step where the error occurred. With the platform release version {{page.version}} a feature with which you can select any previous step in the flow and start retrying from that moment. For more information please read this [article](/developers/error-retry#retry-from-step).

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-retry-from-step.png" title="Retry From Step" %}

* Selects "Retry From" step from dropdown. You can select the current step and all previous steps.

* You can edit message to be inputted.

* You can click retry and flow starts from that point.

* You can not retry from trigger-step.

> **Please Note:**
* To retry your flow must be active
* If passthrought is disabled in a step, you will not be able to retry from previous steps.

### Informing about deprecated or not latest version

With the platform release version {{page.version}} we introduce a new feature that will inform you if your productive flows are using deprecated(**Exclamation Icon**) or not latest versions of components(**Cycle Icon**).

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-informing-about-deprecated-or-not-latest-version.png" title="Informing about deprecated or not latest version" %}

In case there is a deprecated component in your flow, you will need to replace the old component with new one or use another trigger/action instead of deprecated one. If you just need to update your components to the latest version, you can use the **Update all components** feature:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-update-all-components.png" title="Update all components" %}

The API call also provides information about deprecated and outdated components.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} contains number of improvements under the hood which
are not obvious for the users. Our team worked hard to:

* Improve the look and feel of [Try Metadata Tool](\developers\try-metadata)
* Improved the alerting of fluentd to investigate the occasional overload cases

### Reduce list of component version

Previously, on the **Versions** tab of the component configuration, you could select any previously released version of the component. We decided to limit the selectable options in the UI to the `latest` and last 2 published versions. Of course, all versions remain selectable via the API. However, we discourage you to use older version of the components to ensure better performance of your flows.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-reduce-list-of-component-versions.png" title="Reduce list of component version" %}

* If you had a old version selected it remains visible

* When you switch from old version it will disappear

## Fixed Bugs

* Addressed the timeout issue with the buggy OAuth servers when the delays would cause token refresh loop and freeze the secrets management service.

## Components

### [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.0`

*   **ADDED** new Select Action
*   **DEPRECATED** old Select Action

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.1.0` and `1.1.1`

*   **ADDED** Upsert row by primary key action
*   **ADDED** Execute stored procedure action
*   **FIXED** metadata bug in Execute stored procedure action

### [Hubspot Component](/components/hubspot/) `1.0.0` and `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** Make Raw Request Action
*   **ADDED** Get New and Updated Objects action

### [Zendesk Component](/components/zendesk/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** the following actions:
    *   Add new actions:
    *   Lookup Object By Id
    *   Lookup Objects
    *   Make Raw Request
    *   Upsert Object By Id
    *   Add Attachment to Ticket
*   **ADDED** the following trigger:
    *   Subscribe To Ticket Audits

### [SOAP Component](/components/soap/) `1.2.6`

*   **UPDATED** Call Action: add an option to emit a platform message instead of throwing an exception in case of a SOAP fault
*   **UPDATED** the java sailor version to `3.3.6`

### [ZOHO CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** Raw request action
