---
title: Product Update - v21.43
description: Details of the product update v21.43 from 28th of October 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.43"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-10-28
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.43.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{ page.version }} is rather an intermediate release containing
multiple behind the scene improvements to the platform installation procedures.
These changes and updates are more relevant to our OEM and on-prem customers.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Delete outdated attachments job

Before introduction of Maester service in the platform the attachments were stored
using the same service as the platform storage slugs (PSS). To remove these attachments
a cron job called `remove-outdated-attachments` would run and clean these attachments.

With an introduction of Maester and our recent deprecation of the
[PSS service](/releases/21.35#pss-deprecation-finalisation) in favour of the Master
for all object type storage, we are removing the `remove-outdated-attachments`
cron job from the HELM3 charts as of {{ page.version }} platform version.

{% endif %}


## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the bug when the newly invited contract member with a permission `contracts.workspace.listAll` (Admin or Owner roles) would land on a page with a **Locked Workspace** message in case when he/she was invited into the contract only. Now the user would be offered to create a new workspace instead.
*   Addressed the issue when by pressing the **Update All Components** button would not create a new draft and still display the old one. Now the existing draft is replaced with a new draft containing the updated component versions.
*   Fixed the bug in UI when searching and choosing a user roles to invite, an HTML code was displayed instead of the role name. Now the role name displays correctly.

## Components

### [MongoDB component](/components/mongodb/) `1.5.7`

*   **UPDATED** the node.js sailor version to `2.6.26`
*   **UPDATED** `Aggregate` action: add `allowDiskUse` option
*   **UPDATED** `Lookup Plural` action: add ability to lookup objects by fields with an ObjectID type

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** Get rows polling trigger

### [Magento2 Component](/components/magento2/) `1.6.5`

*   **FIXED** Get New and Updated Objects Polling trigger metadata bug
