---
title: Product Update - v21.47
description: Details of the product update v21.47 from 25th of November 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.47"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-11-25
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.47.html
---

## Features

### Announcement: New design for Flows page

> We would like to inform you all about the impending roll-out
> of the new **Flows page during our next 21.49 release** (9th of December 2021). Our
> OEM customers will receive the detailed explanation of changes in advance.

The platform user interface has gone through changes in the last year. Some pages like
the Executions and Logs use the new unified design. We have still some way to go
for a complete transition into the new unified look.

Our team has been working hard to transition the Flows page as well. We are ready
to show you what is coming during our next release in two weeks:

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2147/rn2147-flows-page-new1.png" title="New Flows Card" %}
Picture shows the flow card changes.


{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2147/rn2147-flows-page-new2.png" title="New Flows Card with menu" %}
Picture shows the flow card menu changes.


## Improvements and Updates

The release {{ page.version }} release contains behind the scene improvements to
the platform backend, more relevant to our OEM and on-prem customers.

*   Introducing support for Elasticsearch API version 7.
*   Adding `SCRAM-SHA-256` authentication for MongoDB.
  *   Commons: update mongoose to `5.13.13` version.
  *   API: update mongoose to `5.13.13` version.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaborations
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements done in this round.

### Quota service health-check problem

During the 21.45 deployment of flow quota feature the sync process was failing
the health-check and the Kubernetes was constantly killing it. Our investigation
showed that the sync process must be done in batches. For this purpose we
introduce the following new parameters.

#### Api:

SyncMaster `QUOTA_SYNC_BATCH_SIZE` is equals 20 by default

#### Quota service:

Added `MAX_BATCH_SIZE` environment variable (50 by default)

#### Helm:

*   `Values.secrets.platform.config.QUOTA_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` - Optional. Use to override default value of maximum batch size limit in the `/resources/{resource}/apply` endpoint.
*   `Values.secrets.platform.config.API_QUOTA_SYNC_BATCH_SIZE` - Optional. Use to override default value of batch size for the Quota synchronisation.


## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Custom login and logout redirects

With {{page.version}} we introduce a possibility to configure custom login and
logout redirect URL for our OEM customers. You can use this with `OIDC` or `SAML`
providers to streamline and unify customer management in your entire ecosystem.

To setup redirects you need to update (`PATCH`) your tenant record and add the required
parameters following this example:

```
"login_redirect_sso_provider":{
         "type": "openid",
         "id": "{{provider_id}}"
     },
"logout_redirect_url": "https://sso.example.com/logout"
```

Our API documentation contains the instruction on [how to update tenant record]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#update-a-tenant).

Along with this addition we introduce a new [API endpoint]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#delete-an-openid-provider-by-id) for deleting the OIDC provider record: `DELETE /v2/tenants/{TENANT_ID}/openid/providers/{OPEN_ID_PROVIDER_ID}`

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the mapping user interface bug when the first character of a dot in the value in the array fields would disappear.

## Components

### [Hubspot Component](/components/hubspot/) `1.3.0`


*   **ADDED** Create Association action
*   **ADDED** Delete Association action
*   **ADDED** Lookup Set Of Objects By Unique Criteria action
*   **ADDED** Lookup Objects action
*   **ADDED** Delete Objects action
*   **ADDED** Webhook trigger

### [ZOHO CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** Lookup Objects action
*   **ADDED** Delete Object action

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials Component](/components/rest-api-client-credentials-auth-component/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** HTTP request action
