---
layout: component
title: Kit component
section: Marketing-related components
description: The Kit Component is designed to interact with the Kit API.
icon: kit.png
icontext: Kit component
category: kit
ComponentVersion: 1.0.0
updatedDate: 2025-09-24
---

## Table of Contents

* [Description](#description)
* [Credentials](#credentials)
* [Actions](#actions) 
  * [Lookup Objects (plural)](#lookup-objects-plural) 
  * [Delete Object](#delete-object) 
  * [Lookup Object](#lookup-object) 
  * [Upsert Object](#upsert-object) 
  * [Make Raw Request](#make-raw-request)
* [Triggers](#triggers)
  * [Webhook](#webhook)
## Description

The Kit Component is designed to interact with the [Kit API](https://developers.kit.com/api-reference/overview).

The current release of the component has been tested with API version `V4`.

## Credentials
Before you start using the component, you will need to obtain a V4 API key. Detailed instructions can be found in the [official documentation](https://developers.kit.com/api-reference/authentication#api-keys).

Component credentials configuration fields:
* **API Key** (string, required) - This key will be included in each request to the Kit API as the `X-Kit-Api-Key` header.

## Actions 

### Delete Object

Deletes a single object based on a selected field that uniquely identifies it.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): The object type to delete, e.g., `Broadcast`.

#### Input Metadata

Contains the unique field used to identify the object.

#### Output Metadata

Same as the input metadata.

### Lookup Object

Retrieves a single object.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): The object type to perform the lookup on, e.g., `Current account`.

#### Input Metadata

Contains the unique field used to identify the object if available, otherwise, no fields are provided.

#### Output Metadata

Object containing the lookup result as its value.

### Lookup Objects (plural) 

Looks up a set of objects based on a defined list of criteria. The results can be emitted in different ways.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): The type of object to look up, e.g., `Broadcasts`.
* **Emit Behavior** - (dropdown, required): Defines how result objects are emitted. Options: `Emit page` or `Emit individually`.
* **Page Size** - (integer, optional, 100 by default) Number of records to be fetched in one API call. Positive integer only, maximum 100.

#### Input Metadata

Contains the fields used to identify the objects. If no fields are available, no input metadata is provided.

#### Output Metadata
For `Emit Page` mode: An object with key `results` that has an array as its value.

For `Emit Individually` mode: Each object fills the entire message.


### Make Raw Request 

Executes custom request.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Don't throw error on 404 Response** - (optional, boolean): Treat 404 HTTP responses not as error, defaults to `false`.

#### Input Metadata

* **Url** - (string, required): Path of the resource relative to the base URL (here comes a part of the path that goes after `https://api.kit.com/v4`).
* **Method** - (string, required): Specifies the HTTP method for the request.
* **Request Body** - (object, optional): The body content for the request.

#### Output Metadata

* **Status Code** - (number, required): The HTTP response status code.
* **HTTP headers** - (object, required): The response's HTTP headers.
* **Response Body** - (object, optional): The body of the HTTP response.

### Upsert Object

Updates an existing object or creates a new one.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Operation** - (dropdown, required): Select either `Create` or `Update`.
* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): Choose the object type to which this operation will be applied, e.g., `Tags`.

#### Input Metadata

Dynamically generated fields based on the selected Operation and `Object Type`.

#### Output Metadata

The resulting object from the operation.

## Triggers

### Webhook

Creates a subscription to a specified event.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Event** - (dropdown, required): Select the event that will trigger this webhook.
* **Required parameter value** - (string, optional): Some events require specific parameters depending on the event type. Provide the corresponding value as indicated below:
  * <b>Form subscribe</b> - form_id
  * <b>Course subscribe</b> - sequence_id
  * <b>Course complete</b> - sequence_id
  * <b>Link click</b> - initiator_value
  * <b>Product purchase</b> - product_id
  * <b>Tag add</b> - tag_id
  * <b>Purchase create</b> - purchase_id

#### Input Metadata

None

#### Output Metadata

Even generated by Kit API

#### Known Limitations

* If the flow containing the `Webhook` is not real-time, you must manually execute it once after the flow is published and started. Press the `Run Now` button and follow the URL to initiate the flow subscription process.