---
title: Product Updates in 2018 Q4
layout: rel
section: Archives
description: Product Updates Archive for 2018 Q4 period.
category: archives
archive: "2018 Q4"
releaseDate: 2018-12-31
redirect_from:
  - /releases/3.9.0.html
  - /releases/3.10.0.html
---

## 2018-11-29 - v3.10.0

| Date | Details |
| :--- | :--- |
| November 29th, 2018 | Platform release v3.10.0 |

### New Features

#### Keen Flows

We introduced an experimental feature called **Keen Flows**. All steps of the
Keen Flow launch simultaneously as the flow starts and continue running until
the flow's status changes to `sleeping`.

#### Schedule Executions

We introduced the UI's option for defining the CRON expression to schedule Flow
executions. This functionality is available under the Settings tab on the Designer
page.

### Improvements

#### Proper handling of RabbitMQ disconnection

We made the Node.js SDK for proper RabbitMQ's disconnection. In case, one of the
RabbitMQ's instances fails or reports errors, the Node.js process terminates
immediately and then restarts by the Platform's orchestrator. Thus the process
can reconnect to the already running RabbitMQ's instance.

#### Improved Contract and Workspace invitations

The `workspace_id` and `workspace_role` were added as optional attributes to the
`POST /v2/contracts/:id/invites` endpoint. In case the `workspace_id` has already
been provided, then the `workspace_role` will be required.

### Fixed Bugs

Previously it was possible to delete the Credential for any Component corrupting the
integration Flows. Now you can't delete any of the Credentials, while it is used
in at least one Integration Flow.


## 2018-11-28 - v3.9.0

| Date | Details |
| :--- | :--- |
| November 28th, 2018 | Platform release v3.9.0 |

### New Features

As a owner of the Contract you can now retrieve any details of the Workspace you
are member of using the `/v2/workspaces/:id` API endpoint request.

### Improvements

Updated the error messages on the password recovery page.

### Fixed Bugs

Expression tooltip in the mapper UI is now flashing when hovered with the mouse.
