---
title: Product Update - v20.35
description: Details of the product update v20.35 from 27th of August 2020.
layout: rel
version: "20.35"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2020-08-27
---


## Features

### Recipes

With this release we have revitalised the Recipes functionality of our platform.
It underwent changes under the hood ([the Recipes API](https://api-sparrow.elastic.io/docs/v2/#recipes-(experimental))) as well as in the UI. For now the feature is in rapid advancement/development phase.
Not all API endpoints have their equivalent UI solution on this stage.



## Improvements and Updates

### Copy flow

After initial feedback from many customers we re-introduced back the original **Copy Flow**
functionality. It will create an exact copy of your flow in the same workspace.
You are presented with a pop-up to enter a new name for your copy.

The **Copy Flow** functionality is now renamed into **Export Flow**. We aded more
explanatory hints to the popup window. Please visit our [Copy and Export flow](/getting-started/copy-and-export-flow)
documentation page for more information.

### Custom Error Management

After initial feedback from you, we changed our Custom Error Management icon to
**info** icon and move the button to the top-right side of the flow designer.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2035/custom-error-handler-new-icon-position.png" title="Custom Error Handler" %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixes performance issue with the flow designer when inspecting any step would trigger draft save and unnecessary calls to API data sample endpoint.
*   Addresses the problem of horizontal scrolling of the flow designer view on small screens with left-hand side menu open. Now the flow designer header icons and items get minimised to fit into smaller screens.
*   Fixes the UI problem with the credentials pages when every edit would create duplicate credential record.
*   Addresses the problem when error message would not disappear after choosing credential in the copied flow.

## Components

### [Amazon MWS Component](/components/amazon-mws/)

*   **NEW** - introducing a **Get Order** action function.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Update Item** action function.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Update Order** action function.

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/)

*   **UPDATED** - Dependencies and Sailor version to `2.6.14`.
*   **FIXED** - Node version.

### [Microsoft OneDrive Component](/components/onedrive/)

*   **IMPROVEMENT** - Polling Trigger is adapted to encounter for cases when `OrderBy` is not supported in One Drive for Business.
*   **IMPROVEMENT** - Polling Trigger now handles cases where there are more than 200 matching files.
*   **IMPROVEMENT** - Polling Trigger limits the parallelization of attachment writing.
*   **IMPROVEMENT** - Polling Trigger now correctly sorts items by timestamp.
*   **UPDATED** - Dependencies and Sailor version to `2.6.14`.
*   **FIXED** - Integration tests in the component.


### [Salesforce Component](/components/salesforce/)

*   **UPDATED** - `Bulk Create/Update/Delete` action with `Bulk Upsert` feature.
*   **FIXED** - bug in `Bulk` action causing `404 - File's metadata is not found` error.
