---
title: Product Update - v20.43
description: Details of the product update v20.43 from 22nd of October 2020.
layout: rel
version: "20.43"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2020-10-22
---

## Features

### Secrets Feature

We are happy to announce the public release of Secrets feature - a service which independently
keeps access tokens up-to-date so any integration step would get a valid and working
access credentials to the third party resources. The service updates tokens behind the
scene using the token expiration information.

Secrets addresses the race-condition and other contention-on-shared-data problems
of OAuth2 authorisation process frequently happening due to concurrent and asynchronous
work of steps in different integration flows. With this service in place, components
are not required to update the access tokens. The Secrets takes over this process
and supplies the Components up-to-date access tokens directly.

For more details visit the dedicated [Secrets feature](/getting-started/secrets)
documentation page.

### New components working with Secrets

Along with the public release of Secrets we are releasing two new generation
components, **REST API v2** and **Salesforce v2**, which use the Secrets Management Service.

These fully refurbished components are not strictly backwards compatible due to
architectural differences between Secrets and the ordinary Credentials systems.

The old versions of these components are still available for foreseeable future,
however, we encourage our customers to try the new generation components and give
us your feedback.

### Visibility Authentication Clients

With this release we completed the authentication clients (`auth-client`)
visibility levels. The `auth-client` can now have `workspace`, `contract`, `tenant`
and `global` access levels. This means you can create `auth-client` for any access
level, be that only for one workspace or for the entire cluster of tenants.

Check our [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#create-auth-client)
for more information on `auth-client` creation.

## Improvements and Updates




## Fixed Bugs



## Components
