---
title: Product Update - v20.31
description: Details of the product update v20.31 from 30th of July 2020.
layout: rel
version: "20.31"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2020-07-30
---

## Features

### New and compact flow header in UI

We are introducing a new header for the flow designer page to maximise the screen
real estate and separate the integration flow graph from the functional buttons.

The animation below shows all the functionality in one go.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2031/flow-header-an-v2.gif" title="Copy flow" %}

### Copy flow between any workspaces

We are introducing a new functionality to copy flows from one workspace to the
another. **You must have at least Integrator level access in both workspaces for this to work.**
The new copy flow functionality behaves the following way:

*   You can copy your flow between two workspaces in the same contract. For example you would like to copy your flow from development to production workspace. No need to select the destination flow name.
*   If you select a destination workspace flow name then copy flow will create a new draft to this flow.
*   If you do not select the destination flow name a new flow with same name will be created in draft mode. You need to choose the credentials and publish the draft.
*   Copy your flow between two workspaces between different contracts if:
    *   You have access to both contracts/workspaces and
    *   Components used in the flow are accessible in both contracts.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2031/copy-flow-an.gif" title="Copy flow" %}

In our back-end we have introduced API endpoints to use with copy flow functionality.
These endpoints are still in active development and should be regarded as experimental.
Check our [API-docs documentation pages](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2/#copy-flow-(experimental)) for more details.

### New VPN Local Agent

**Introducing a new VPN Agent**. It is using а VPN tunnel specifically configured to access any
local resource in your local environment. It could be any local database or CRM
to which you would rather restrict access from outside world but still need
to query for a data. Agents are available to configure by visiting the Agents
page as usual. **[The dedicated VPN Agents page](/getting-started/vpn-agent) has more details about this.**

Starting from this release **the old Local Agents will be deprecated**. You can
still visit and configure your agents by removing the `/vpn` part of the address
while visiting the VPN Agents page.

### Support for Large messages

We are introducing a new functionality called **Lightweight messages**. The main
idea of this functionality is to reduce the load of messaging queue by sending
the Lightweight messages through it. By reducing the load on messaging queue we
reduce the processing time significantly and reduce or prevent out of
memory errors during the data exchange between the steps.

Our aim for this realisation was to make sure the large size messages and
attachments bypass the messaging queue all together. Instead of passing large messages
through messaging queue we introduced an internal service which would temporarily
store large message and provide an ID of these messages instead. These IDs, in turn, get
sent through the messaging queue - not the big chunks of data.

If the step requires stored data it communicates with the storage directly, not
through the messaging queue.

> The Lightweight messaging is already implemented at system level. If you would like
> to use this functionality you must update the sailor version in your
> components to Node.js Sailor to `2.6.14` version and Java Sailor to at least `3.2.0` version.

## Improvements and Updates

### Secrets Management Service Improvements

We continue our improvements and developments of the New Secrets Management
service. In this round we made great improvements authentication client (`auth-client`)
creation process. Previously `auth-client` creation was possible on tenant level
and only by system administration. In this release `auth-client` creation was extended
following way:

*   You can now create `auth-client` at workspace, contract and tenant level. This enables scopes according to the `auth-client` creation and dependence. For example the tenant `auth-client` is visible and can be used in secret in all workspaces in this tenant and so on.
*   New API endpoint `GET /v2/auth-clients` is introduced to query values. You will get results only when you have permission to view these `auth-clients`. For example if you have only `WORKSPACE.AUTH_CLIENT.GET` permission you will only get workspace level `auth-client` records.
*   New API endpoint `GET /v2/auth-clients/:id` is introduced to query `auth-client` endpoint with specific IDs. The standard access permissions apply in this case as well.
*   New access roles and permissions are introduced to manage `auth-client` record on workspace, contract and tenant level.

Check our [API-docs documentation pages](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2/#auth-clients-(experimental))) for more details.

### Sailor Updates

*   Announcing the release of a new Node.js Sailor `2.6.14` and Java Sailor `3.2.0` versions which support the Lightweight messages functionality.
*   Announcing yet another release of Java Sailor `3.3.0` version which supports the Custom Error Handler functionality.

### Custom Error Handler

In our second iteration of Custom Error Handler feature we have made improvements
and added more functionality.

*   Custom Error Handler icon is now on the top right hand-side of the flow designer graph.
*   You can now forward the `Component container has failed to start` errors as well.
*   You can now choose Java components as error handlers in flow designer **if you update the java sailor in your component to a `3.3.0` version**.

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixes the problem in REST API component interface when client secret value in OAuth2 was incorrectly cast to hex value.
*   Addresses the problem of no redirect in case of wrong or incomplete address entry after `c/` in browser window.
*   Fixes the incorrect array transformation in the data samples.
*   Addresses yet another case of "Something is technically wrong" errors with unrecoverable flows.
*   Fixes the problem of inaccessible error details in executions pages when the component code in flow steps uses node.js sailor version 2.2.1 or lower.


## Components


### [REST-API Component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **NEW** - introducing a **Delay** option to configure the time interval between calls.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Call Count** option to control the call number. It should be used with the **Delay** option.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Request timeout** option to configure the timeout period in milliseconds.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Do not verify SSL certificate** option-checkbox to skip the SSL verification in the call.


### [Outlook Component](/components/outlook/)

The component has undergone major refactoring.

*   **NEW** - introducing a **Poll for New Mail** trigger function.
*   **NEW** - introducing a **Move Mail** action function.
*   **UPDATED** - the node.js sailor version to `2.6.14`.
*   **UPDATED** - all libraries and dependencies.
*   **UPDATED** - component to use `this.logger` instead of `console.log`.

### [SFTP Component](/components/sftp/)

*   **FIXED** - a bug when move file failed if the destination already existed.


### [CSV Component](/components/csv/)

*   **IMPROVED** - the behavior of component in case when a gap of 10 seconds happen between message writing. Instead of giving an error and exiting, component now starts to write in a new CSV file.

### [MongoDB Component](/components/mongodb/)

*   **IMPROVED** - added **Emit Batch Behavior** to Lookup Plural action.
*   **IMPROVED** - error logging in credential verification stage.
*   **UPDATED** - the node.js sailor version to `2.6.14`.

### [Router Component](/components/router/)

*   **IMPROVED** - the support for dynamic flow control.
*   **UPDATED** - the node.js sailor version to `2.6.13`.
