---
title: Product Update - v20.19
description: Details of the product update v20.19 from 7th of May 2020.
layout: rel
version: "20.19"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2020-05-07
---

## Features

### Array-to-Array Mapping

You can now map array fields with the graphical UI using "New Mapping Experience".
Mapping process is similar to a mapping of an object field, with few restrictions:

*   You can map properties from only one array throughout array's children fields
*   JSONata mode is disabled for an array's children fields

### Dynamic Flow Control (Sailor version: `2.6.7` required)

When you retry erroneous messages, they get marked with `retry=true` header, so
lookout doesn't write data record.

Also, now sailor retries publishing messages to next step infinitely, for those
cases when the next queue is overloaded. Retries will happen with exponential
back-off. For example, if it starts with retry in 5 seconds, the next will be in
10, then 20, then 40, then 80 seconds, etc. The maximum delay is configurable with
an environment variable. By default, there is no limit to retries.

The following variables control the retry process:

*   `AMQP_PUBLISH_RETRY_DELAY`: 100 ms
*   `AMQP_PUBLISH_RETRY_ATTEMPTS`: Infinity
*   `AMQP_PUBLISH_MAX_RETRY_DELAY:` 5 minutes.

### Pub-Sub API

You can now use pub-sub topics via the new API endpoints:

*   `POST /v2/workspaces/:id/topics` - creates a topic in the Workspace, requires `WORKSPACE.TOPIC.CREATE` permission
*   `GET /v2/workspaces/:id/topics` - lists topics in the Workspace, requires `WORKSPACE.TOPIC.GET` permission
*   `GET /v2/workspaces/:id/topics/:id` - get topic in the Workspace, requires `WORKSPACE.TOPIC.GET` permission
*   `PATCH /v2/workspaces/:id/topics/:id`- update topic in the Workspace, requires `WORKSPACE.TOPIC.EDIT` permission
*   `DELETE /v2/workspaces/:id/topics/:id` - delete topic in the Workspace, requires `WORKSPACE.TOPIC.DELETE` permission.


Details can be found [here]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#what-is-a-topic-unit?).


## Improvements

### Better Component Versions

You will now have the de-facto latest Component version set as default. Previously,
the default Component version was `Latest`, meaning the Platform checked for the
latest version. Now there is no automatic check, and the latest version at the
point of Flow creation is selected. If you need to set the current version, you
should manually select it from the list.

### 10,000 Log Records Limit Set

The confusing "next" button on the last page of log records list is now disabled.
 If you hover the cursor on it, you'll see the new tool-tip that suggests you
 reduce your results number with filters.

### Large Samples Visualization

Improvements:

*   Mapper `select items` filtering code moved to async worker
*   Mapper `select items` is now an async operation (async computed in ember)
*   Loader is displayed when filtering takes too long


## Fixed Bugs

*   Removed the strange "no notification" message on gitreceiver logs
*   Removed the console error that appeared when you change Component version
*   Letters `wiper-flow-suspended-due-to-queue-overflow` are sent again
*   Webhooks now don't insist on Content-Type for webhook POST actions when there is no body in the POST request


## Components

### [Utility Component](/components/utility/)

*   **NEW** - introducing action `Convert Between Timezones`

### [CSV Component](/components/csv/)

*   **NEW** - introducing action `write_attachment_from_json`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `write_attachment_from_array`
*   **IMPROVED** - added the Steward URL to the body of outgoing message

### [XML Component](/components/xml/)

*   **IMPROVED** - revised `JSON to XML` action

### [AppDirect Component](/components/appdirect/)

*   **FIXED** - "Credentials verification fails when Authenticate and then Verify, but not if just Verify" bug

### [Splitter Component](/components/splitter/)

*   **NEW** - introducing action `Reassemble`

### [Marketo Component](/components/marketo/)

*   **NEW** - introducing action `Describe Object`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `List Custom Objects`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Lookup Objects`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Bulk Import`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Bulk Export`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Lookup Activities`
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Upsert Objects By Unique Criteria`
*   **NEW** - introducing trigger `Get New Activities Polling`
*   **NEW** - introducing trigger `Get New Leads Polling`

### [Soap Component Java](/components/soap/)

*   **IMPROVED** - Basic-AUTH for reaching out WSDL
*   **FIXED** - sorting order for configuration fields

### [Pub-sub Component](https://github.com/elasticio/pub-sub)

This is a new component with the following functions:

*   **NEW** - introducing trigger `Subscriber` with a dynamically configurable field for topics. This trigger receives the data of a certain type from a topic as an input to start a new execution of the flow.
*   **NEW** - introducing action `Publisher` with a dynamically configurable field for topics. This action published an event of a certain type to topic to be received by loosely coupled subscribers.
