---
title: Product Update - v20.39
description: Details of the product update v20.39 from 24th of September 2020.
layout: rel
version: "20.39"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2020-09-24
---

## Features

### Secrets Feature

We are happy to announce the release of Secrets feature - a service which independently
keeps access tokens up-to-date so any integration step would get a valid and working
access credentials to the third party resources. The service updates tokens behind the
scene using the token expiration information.

Secrets addresses the race-condition and other contention-on-shared-data problems
of OAuth2 authorisation process frequently happening due to concurrent and asynchronous
work of steps in different integration flows. With this service in place, components
are not required to update the access tokens. The Secrets takes over this process
and supplies the Components up-to-date access tokens directly.

For more details visit the dedicated [Secrets feature](/getting-started/secrets) documentation page.

### REST API component supports Secrets



## Improvements and Updates

### Lower recipes visibility

With this release we enabled lowering the recipe visibility using an API call.
To lower the visibility use the `/v2/recipes/{RECIPE_ID}/visibility` API endpoint.

To remind, the visibility can be `workspace`, `contract` and `tenant`. The `workapace`
is the lowest visibility. Please note the following before trying to lover the visibility:

*   You can lower the visibility only if you have appropriate permission. For example you must have tenant administrator permission to edit the visibility from `tenant` to `contract` or to the `workapace`.
*   After lowering the recipe visibility it will not be available for other users who have no access to the entity.
*   If a user had created a flow from a recipe previously, they will not get updates to their flows anymore if the recipe is not accessible to them.

### Define recipe author

We extended the recipe creation API to include the `author` attribute as well.
*   If this attribute is set in your recipe creation API call, then the value will be displayed in the UI.
*   Otherwise, the default logic would apply - the full name of the API caller will be taken as value.

Here is an example section of the recipe draft:

```
{
  "data": {
    "type": "recipe",
    "attributes": {
      "info": {
        "title": "My simple recipe",
        "author":"THE AUTHOR OF RECIPE NAME IS LOCATED HERE",
        "short_description": "The short description text is here",
        "description": "Long description text goes here."
      },
```

### Polling flows starting conditions

With this release we improved the conditions when the polling flows start after
you update and publish the draft which replaces the active flow.

If your polling flow has defined execution time then, new update would not trigger
a new execution of the flow. Our system will wait and execute the new update on next due
execution time.

> Please note: If you need to execute your flow right away you can always press **Run now** to do so.

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixes the search functionality in "Choose Agent" drop-down of the new mapper interface.
*   Addresses the problem of frozen retrieve sample state for edge cases.
*   Fixes the bug when step configuration gets blocked after component version change.
*   Addresses the problem when Secrets service fails to refresh the OAuth2 tokens.
*   Fixes the bug when the redirect URL hash gets removed after the login.

## Components

### Audit of components

We started an audit of code in our components against the possibility of them
exposing sensitive data in the logs. The following components were checked and
potential parts refactored:

*   [Code Component](/components/code/)
*   [Mapper Component](/components/code/)
*   [WebHook Component](/components/webhook/)
*   [JSONata Transfer](/components/jsonata/)

### [Shopify Admin Component](/components/shopify-admin/)

*   **NEW** - adding support for reading and writing meta-fields
*   **IMPROVEMENT** - Change API Key in credentials to password level
*   **UPDATED** - dependencies

### [JDE E1 Component](/components/jde-e1/)

Introducing new component Oracle JDE Edwards EnterpriseOne Orchestrator.

*   **NEW** - introducing `Execute an Orchestration` action

### [REST API Component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **FIXED** - reverting back the URL encoding.


### [Google Spreadsheets](/components/gspreadsheet)

*   **IMPROVEMENT** - added request rate limits handling.

### [Google BigQuery Component](/components/google-bigquery/)

*   **IMPROVEMENT** - extended the `Query` action metadata with additional options

### [Exact Online Component](/components/exact-online/)

*   **IMPROVEMENT** - added an option to credentials to select country
*   **UPDATED** - dependencies and packages
