---
title: Product Update - v21.06
description: Details of the product update v21.06 from 11th of February 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.06"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-02-11
---


## Features

## Improvements and Updates

### Node.js Sailor update

Current [Node.js Sailor version](https://github.com/elasticio/sailor-nodejs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) - `2.6.24`

With this release we introduce next sets of improvements to the Node.js Sailor,
the base library used to compile any Node.js based component code during the
platform deployments.

This particular update includes stability for large message (~50MB) processing through
the request-reply chain. If you intend to include your custom component in the
request-reply scenario, we highly recommend updating the Node.js Sailor to at
least `2.6.24` version.

Along with this new improvement the [Request-Reply](#request-reply-component)
(HTTP-Reply) component is updated. We recommend using at least 1GB RAM memory on
the HTTP-Reply component and at least 512MB RAM memory for each step in your
request-reply chain. As a rule of thumb: the setup above would process ~50MB
attachments. For larger files, the RAM memory per step must be adjusted accordingly.

### Java Sailor update

Current [Java Sailor version](https://github.com/elasticio/sailor-jvm/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) - `3.3.2`

With this release we introduce next sets of improvements to the Java Sailor,
the base library used to compile any Java based component code during the
platform deployments.

With introduction of the the version `3.3.2` all errors in component
credential verification are shown in the UI as errors. Previously errors were shown
in the logs only.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### Tenant Administration Improvements

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to see all workspaces in a contract when I fetch a contract by ID via the API.
Now Tenant admin has access to GET /v2/workspace/[:id] as if he/she was admin of the contract (including members listing in the response of /v2/workspace/:id)
also GET /v2/contracts/[:id] returns workspaces in relationships for Tenant admin.

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to see all dev teams in any contract in my tenant via the API.
Now Tenant admin has access to GET /v2/teams[:/id] as if he/she was owner of the contract.
New permission was added: contract.devTeams.get

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to retrieve quota data from any contract or workspace in my tenant via the API..
Now Tenant admin has access to GET /v2/quota-usages/ and /GET v2/quotas/:quota_type/:context_expression/ as if he/she was owner of the contract.

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to list all contracts via the API.
Now Tenant admin has access to GET /v2/contracts and GET /v2/contracts/[:id] as if he/she was owner of the contract.

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to add a member to any dev team even if the tenant admin is not a member of that dev team via the API.
Now Tenant admin has access to POST/PATCH/DELETE v2/teams/{TEAM_ID}/relationships/members as if he/she was owner of the contract.

- As a tenant admin, I need the ability to add a user to any workspace in the tenant even if the tenant admin is not a member of that workspace via the API.
Now Tenant admin has access to POST/PATCH/DELETE /v2/workspaces/{WORKSPACE_ID}/members as if he/she was owner of the contract.
New permission was added: tenant.workspace.edit_membership


### Bran Service Modifications



{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

- The data for credentials verification are getting from cache instead of current UI state.
- The code from latest component version executes during verify credentials instead of the code from chosen component version.
- REST API Headers field writes backwards if a hot key is used to jump between fields.
Now in the Integrator mode the Tab key uses for switching between fields and in the Developer mode - for formatting JSON
- Mapper Developer Mode Reference does not render enum information.

- Inconsistent behaviour when you add step or branch after the configured flow with router and branches.
Some changes were made:
- Forbid (remove "+" control on graph) adding step after router
- Clicking on fork control on graph after router opens router's config section ready to add new branch

- It is not possible to save OAuth2 Credentials when no scopes are specified
- Some fields are available for filling in case of published version and this leads to self-willed creation of new draft
- During the OAuth authentication process, error messages from the service provider as described in 4.1.2.1 should be displayed to the user
- Step configuration is blocked after choosing the latest component version

## Components

### [Request-reply component](/components/request-reply/)

*   **FIXED** a bug with memory leakage in Sailor
*   **UPDATED** the Sailor version: 2.6.24

### Sailor version update in bulk

As a part of the component code audit we updated Sailor version in the following components:

#### Sailor version 2.6.23

*   [Code Component](/components/code/)
*   [Jsonata component](/components/jsonata/)
*   [Pub-Sub Component](/components/pub-sub/)
*   [Router Component](/components/router/)
*   [SFTP Component](/components/sftp/)
*   [Simple trigger Component](/components/splitter/)
*   [Splitter Component](/components/google-pubsub/)
*   [Utility](/components/utility/)
*   [Lookup Table Component](/components/lookup-table/)
*   [Email Component](/components/email/)
*   [Google BigQuery Component](/components/google-bigquery/)
*   [Configuration Component](/components/configuration/)
*   [Salesforce Component](/components/salesforce/) **NOT YET**

#### Sailor version 2.6.24



*   [REST API Component](/components/rest-api/)
*   [Webhook Component](/components/webhook/)
*   [Request-reply Component](/components/request-reply/)
*   [MongoDB Component](/components/mongodb/)
*   [Mapper Component](/components/mapper/)

code-component
jsonata-transform-component
dictionary-component
email-component
google-bigquery-component
pub-sub
router-component
simple-trigger-component
splitter-component
utility-component
configuration-component
jdbc-component
