---
title: Product Update - v21.02
description: Details of the product update v21.02 from 14th of January 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.02"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-01-14
---

## Features

- Hide deprecated Triggers/Actions under 'Deprecated' tab.
Now all deprecated actions/triggers are placed under the "Deprecated" section just like "Advanced Settings" in step summary. Also this section has the next behaviour:

it is closed by default, open only if deprecated chosen search should also filter deprecated, but this section is closed

## Improvements and Updates

In this release we continued to streamline and improve the platform
UI pages. For example viewing and editing JSON objects while in integrator mode
is now more comfortable and intuitive.


- Enable keep-alive for global http agent in sailor.
Enabled keep-alive for global HTTP agent.

New elasticio-sailor-nodejs version 2.6.22

- When verifyCredentials fails, reason is not rendered in the UI.
Now Frontend get the reason of credentials verification failed if component provides it and display in the error message

- Fix sailor error "Cannot read property 'publish' of undefined".
If while pod starting happens error with amqp connection the sailor is trying to put this error in the error queue and because of the obvious reason it can not put it, and it is trying to repeat it forever (with delay increasing).

Now sailor doesn't try to put an error in the queue if it has amqp connection error.

**New sailor's version: 2.6.23


## Fixed Bugs

- It should not be possible to select a credential for use if it is not saved
- Configuration component credentials do not work on Recipe page

## Components

### [CSV Component](/components/csv/)

*   **FIXED** bug with Write From Array and multiple messages
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and the Sailor version

### [Magento2 Component](/components/magento2/)

*   **FIXED** bugs in the **Create Order**
    *   No need to nest order entries in an item object
    *   Fix in metadata for order items
    *   Fix in metadata for regions & countries
*   **FIXED** bugs in the **Upsert Customer**
    *   Fix logic for regions & countries
    *   Countries can now be identified by two letter ISO code, three letter ISO code or by name.
    *   Regions can now be identified by ISO code or name.
    *   Respond to removed JSON schema reference hosted by Magento docs.
    *   Remove empty string from list of gender options.
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and the Sailor version


### Sailor version update in bulk

As a part of the component code audit for a possibility of sensitive data
exposing we checked and updated the following component codes and the dependencies:

*   [Google PubSub Component](/components/google-pubsub/)
*   [MandrillApp Component](/components/mandrillapp/)
*   [Open-api Component](/components/open-api/)
*   [Petstore Nodejs Component](/components/petstore-nodejs/)
*   [twitter Component](/components/twitter/)
*   [SOAP Component](/components/soap/)
