---
title: Product Update - v21.19
description: Details of the product update v21.19 from 13th of May 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.19"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-05-13
---

## Features

### Remove component versions from UI

You can now remove versions of components directly from the Build history UI of
the repository in the developer teams in addition to the [API endpoint]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#delete-a-version-of-the-component).

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2119/remove-component-version-ui.png" title="Remove Component Version from UI" %}

### Define timeout per component

During the flow design process some components must connect with the third party
services which might have slower response times or take longer to process the request.
In that cases you can now define how long system must wait for the sample data
retreival process for each component.

*   Set the new environment variable `DEBUG_TASK_TIMEOUT` in seconds to control the time.
*   If the variable is not set, platform will use the default value set in `FORCE_DESTROY_DEBUG_TASK_TIMEOUT_SEC` variable.
*   If multiple `DEBUG_TASK_TIMEOUT` variables are set for the flow components (i.e. for mapper and component after), the system will take bigger value of them.


## Improvements and Updates

### Component version display

You can now set your own component version to show in the platform UI when you use
the `version` parameter without letter **v** in your `component.json` configuration.

```json
{
  "title": "Petstore API (Node.js)",
  "description": "Component for the Petstore API",
  "buildType":"docker",
  "version":"1.0.1",
  "etc_fields":"to show"
}
```
This would show as **v1.0.1** when you select the component version while designing
the flow, as well as in the list of deployed component versions in the repository
of your developer team.

After you use the component version the following rules would apply:

*   Platform would check the `version` parameter and enforce the [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) rules.
*   Platform would reject duplicate and lower versions.
*   Platform would reject absence version in case when the previous build has one.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Registration page further optimisation

With this release we simplified the registration process to work with email and
password. We removed the required `first name`, `last name` and `company name`
parameters.

The registration process can get the necessary details from OIDC parameters if
allowed or construct from the entered email address following the logic:

*   If user registers with an email address `abc@xyz.com` then
*   The Contract would have `TRIAL_abc@xyz.com` name.
*   The First Name will be `abc`,
*   The Last Name will be `xyz.com`.

> **Please Note** User can change their contract name as well as enter complete first and last names if desired.

**As areminder**: You can enable the custom registration page in the tenant record
following the [instructions here](/releases/2021-04-08#registration-and-login-page-improvements).

### Cached Browser Assets

With this release we enforce asset invalidation of browser assets after every
platform deployment. The following assets would now contain short git revision IDs:

*   `/webpack/filter-tree-worker.{{revision}}.js`
*   `/webpack/single-spa.config.{{revision}}.js`
*   `/frontend.{{revision}}.min.js`

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the issue with recipe creation from API when the component would have only a trigger function.
*   Fixed the UI bug when the component version names were sorted as strings instead of deployment date.
*   Addressed the issue with authentication secret based credential caching in the browser session.
*   Fixed the bug with authentication client data exposure in the UI. Now all client secrets are obfuscated even if you are the owner of the record.
*   Addressed the problem when authentication secrets service would remove the query parameters from the refresh token URL.
*   Fixed the bug when the platform would incorrectly redirect the user in case when he/she would login with OIDC provider.
*   Addressed the problem with error report emails which would get blocked when one of the subscribers were removed from the platform.

## Components

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) v2.2.0

*   **UPDATED** the **write CSV attachment from JSON Array** and **write CSV attachment from JSON Object** actions by adding a new separator - a pipe (`|`), to the list of separators.


### [Batch component](/components/batch/) v2.0.0

*   **UPDATED** the component to use an internal storage service called `Maester`.
*   **UPDATED** the Node.js sailor to `v2.6.24`.
*   **DISABLED** the MongoDB as an external storage (credentials are no longer supported).
*   **REPLACED** the **Delete Batch After Retrieval** feature in the **Get ready batches** trigger by **Do Not Delete Batch After Retrieval** feature.


### [Request-reply component](/components/request-reply/) v1.2.0 and v1.2.1

*   **NEW** action is now available: **Reply With Attachment**
*   **FIXED** a bug with sample retrieve in the Reply With Attachment action.
