---
title: Product Update - v21.10
description: Details of the product update v21.10 from 11th of March 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.10"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-03-11
---

## Improvements and Updates

### OAuth2 client creation in recipe activation

This release extends the functionality of the authentication client creation. Now
you can create OAuth2 authentication clients right from the recipe activation
page.

### Loader for workspaces list in the invitation form

This specific improvement addresses the issue when the UI would not show more
than 20 workspaces in the invitation drop-down. Now loader would appear in case
you have more than 20 workspaces. Eventually the list of all workspaces would
be presented in the drop-down list.

> Please Note: only workspaces you have access to (permission `workspaces.workspace.edit`) will be loaded.

### Configure dynamic flow control

If your component is written in Java then you can now disable the dynamic
flow control in the step by setting the `ELASTICIO_AMQP_PUBLISH_CONFIRM_ENABLED`
environment variable in the component repository as `false`. **This is only possible if your component is using the latest Java sailor version `3.3.5`.**


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

### SAML2 SSO Client

With this release we introduce initial support for SAML2 SSO Client. To support
multi-tenancy, each Tenant has to upload their own service provider configuration
for SAML 2.0 provider.

When a user clicks on the button in UI e.g. "Login with Facebook" a popup window
is opened with the target URL `/saml/authenticate?providerId={providerId}`. Backend
gets the provider from database by `providerId` for the requested tenant, constructs
service provider interface using `saml-js` library and redirects to the correct
auth URL(`assertEndpoint` or `/saml/callback?providerId={providerId}` if first
is not specified) of the SAML provider.

Then normal SAML 2.0 flow is taking place. In the end, the backend gets info
about the user and tries to find in its DB. If the user is not found, a user is
created on the fly (that is if `auto_create_user` is true in provider configuration)
using the given user data and temporary password, which could be changed later
on the profile page. After that, a new session is started and the user is being
redirected to the application itself.

If it is a new user then `first_name` and `last_name` will be taken from the
similar fields of the SAML 2.0 response attributes.

New frontend endpoints are introduced:
*   **GET** `/saml/authenticate?providerId={providerId}`
*   **POST** `/saml/callback?providerId={providerId}`

New DB tables:

*   `SAMLProvider`, more information form the [API-docs]({{apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#create-a-saml-2.0-provider)
*   `SAML Identity`. This table is using to connect the user with the provider. The record has two relationships `user`
and `SamlProvider`. It has also an attribute called `is_new_user` that hold the record in case when the user was not registered in our system, before logging in using SAML 2.0. Service provider.

### API-Docs URL setup

With this release we introduce new parameter `api_docs_url` to the tenant
configuration and a capability to manage and redirect visitors to the correct
API-documentation version. This is particularly useful in multi-tenant, white-labelled
environment where each tenant would have a unique api address.

To benefit from this new parameter you must set the `api_docs_url` parameter and
its value to the tenant record:

*   If `api_docs_url` is set in the tenant record, every link to the API documentation will be redirected to the provided address.
*   If `api_docs_url` is not set, every link will redirect to the default API documentation of the main/default tenant. The default value is `https://[tenant.api_domain]/docs`. **Don't set the `api_docs_url` for the main/default tenant, you will get a redirect loop.**

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the problem when the deleted content-based-router component step with not configured branches would block publishing of the draft.
*   Addressed the UI bug when the mapped data would disappear after reopening the flow to examine.
*   Fixed the error in copy flow when the dynamic `selectModel` was malformed due to 3rd party host issues.
*   Addressed the problem when no workspaces were shown while exporting the flow.
*   Fixed the UI bug when the header part would not load while opening the flow to view or edit.
*   Addressed the redirect loop problem of the api-docs service after the nginx ingress controller upgrade.

## Components

### [Amazon MWS component](/components/amazon-mws/)

*   **FIXED** a bug when order status filtering didn't work and orders of all statuses were retrieved instead of a specified status.
*   **ADDED** a configuration field to set up a number of orders per one page.
*   **UPDATED** the Java Sailor version: `3.3.2`.

### [CSV component](/components/csv/)

*   **ADDED** support for reading a file from a remote URL in Read CSV attachment action.
*   **UPDATED** the Node.js Sailor version: `2.6.24`.

### [Magento2 component](/components/magento2/)

*   **FIXED** a bug in `Bulk Extract` trigger with incorrect trigger behavior with a large number of retrieved objects.

### [NetSuite component](/components/netsuite/)

*   **ADDED** Token Based Authentication (TBA) option.
*   **UPDATED** the Java Sailor version: `3.3.2`.

### [REST API v2 component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **FIXED** a bug with request Content-Type `mutlipart/form-data` header processing.
*   **FIXED** a bug when component fails when the server provides a binary response without Content-Length.

### Sailor version update in bulk

As a part of the component code audit we updated the Node.js Sailor version to `2.6.24` in the following components:

*   [Edifact-parser component](/components/edifact-parser/)
*   [Filter component](/components/filter/)
*   [MsSQL component](/components/mssql/)
*   [PostgreSQL component](/components/postgresql/)
*   [ZIP/UnZIP component](/components/zip/)
