---
title: Product Update - v21.27
description: Details of the product update v21.27 from 8th of July 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.27"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-07-08
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Node.js Sailor 2.6.26

We released a new Node.js Sailor `2.6.26` which improves the communication and
speed with queueing system. In particular with new sailor we:

*   Return to consume-based approach in communication with RabbitMQ.
*   Improve the re-connections to RabbitMQ.

Here is the [NPM package release link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elasticio-sailor-nodejs/v/2.6.26).

### Executions page slow loading

With the {{page.version}} release we improved the loading speeds of the execution
threads. In this scope the following improvements were done:

*   Optimised the internal communications between the UI and back-end services.
*   The revised and improved the threads list (execution page) and individual threads pages.
*   The default time intervals for listing the threads is now 7 days instead of previous 30 days.

We also added a new environment variable to the system (`BRAN_RETENTION_MONTHS_MESSAGES`)
This variable defines the number of months to store the data for Executions page.
The default value is `1` (1 month).

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Redis deployment is optional

To support external Redis service we made the service as optional and the HELM3
charts were changed accordingly. To use en external Redis service follow these
steps:

1.  Set the `values.global.services.maesterRedis.enabled` and `values.global.services.cache.enabled` values as `false`. This means both Redis services will not be deployed during the deployment.
2.  Add values for the following parameters to use external Redis:
    *   `values.global.config.CACHE_REDIS_URI`: `redis://uri-to-external.redis`,
    *   and `values.global.config.MAESTER_REDIS_URI` : `redis://uri-to-external.redis`.

### Charts Security Audit

An audit of HELM3 charts were performed to remove any sensitive data like keys, password
and credentials from main charts. All sensitive data were migrated into the secrets.

In scope of this audit a new environment variable `FRONTEND_SESSION_SECRET` was added.
Configure it in `Values.global.config.FRONTEND_SESSION_SECRET`. It is required value,
without it the platform deployment would not work.

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Internal IP address for internal communication

With {{page.version}} version we changed a logic of internal service communications.
All internal calls to the API would use internal API address from now on. For that
reason the parameter `API_URI` environment variable value will be computed by Kubernetes
API service URL and not hard-coded. Here are the details of this approach:

*   Do not use external IP addresses for communication between internal services. Use `API_URI` everywhere. The tenant record parameter responsible for this is `data/attributes.api_domain`.
*   Deprecate the use of `EXTERNAL_API_URI` parameter.
*   Use `api.elastic.io` default in the platform UI when displaying the API address if not set in tenant.

### Control Number of Contract Users

You can now control number of users in any contract in your tenant. This new
feature works through the platform quota service and has a unique API endpoint
`/v2/quotas/per_contract_user_count_limit/TENANT_ID.CONTRACT_ID`.

> Note: The default value of this quota is `-1`, which means unlimited.

As with all types of quotas you need `global.quota_limits.edit` permission to
apply any values.

When the quota is set for a contract the following rules apply:

*   You can not invite a new member to your contract when quota is exhausted. The invitation will not be created.
*   You can not add a user via an API call when the quota is exhausted.
*   You can not redeem previously sent invitation to the contract when the quota is exhausted in the meantime.
*   If the support user functionality is enabled in your tenant then adding support user to your workspace is not counted towards your contract quota.

### Quota Release and Apply Process

We extended the `/sidedoor/quotatxns/sync` endpoint used to sync the quotas during
the release process. This endpoint must be called once to sync the correct numbers
of users in contracts and workspaces with the `quotatxns` data base.

You must add an extra parameter that represents resource type to sync. Available
types are `user` and `workspace`. For example:

*   `/sidedoor/quotatxns/sync/user`,
*   `/sidedoor/quotatxns/sync/workspace`.

For this release you must call the following command to properly sync user data:

`curl -u 'username@password'  -X POST API/sidedoor/quotatxns/sync/user`

You need to use have `AccessManager.ACTIONS.GLOBAL.QUOTATXN.SYNC` permission to
work with these endpoints.

There is a known issue with `sync`, it might return `504` if your DB contains large
number of contracts. The sync operations can take anywhere from 30 to 60 seconds
causing a timeout on HTTP proxy. However, the sync operation will continue in
background to a successful completion.

### Bran and Clickhouse Optimisation

If you are running ClickHouse in replica set continue reading.

On this round of optimisation we optimised the `bran` service by creating new
tables and views in ClickHouse. To apply you must run the following command
for each replica after the installation of {{page.version}} version:

```sh
docker run \
-e LOG_LEVEL=info \
-e AMQP_URI= \
-e MONGO_URI= \
-e BRAN_CLICKHOUSE_URI="http://localhost:8123/bran" \
--rm --network=host elasticio/bran:21.27 npm run start:migrate
```
Don't forget to change the `BRAN_CLICKHOUSE_URI` to your replica URL.

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the failed to fetch `step_id` and related problems from amqp routing key in case when an old node.js sailor (earlier than `2.3.0`) library is used in the component.
*   Fixed the problem of hard-coded session secret. A new required environment variable `FRONTEND_SESSION_SECRET` is introduced.

## Components

### [REST API component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **FIXED** OAuth2 authentication strategy limitation: `refresh_token` property is now optional for Access Token Response (also optional in OAuth2 standard).

### [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection)

*   **REFACTORED** to `maester-client` library based on `object-storage-client` library.
*   **UPDATED** to sailor version `2.6.24`.
