---
title: Product Update - v21.31
description: Details of the product update v21.31 from 7th of August 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.31"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-08-07
---

## Features

### Regenerate your REST API Key

The {{page.version}} introduced a new opportunity to regenerate your personal API
key you use to authenticate your calls with the platform REST API.

You have two options, either using a new **Generate new API Key** button in
[your profile page](/getting-started/platform-tour#manage-your-api-key) or using a
HTTP `POST` to the new API endpoint `/v2/users/me/generate-api-key`. In both cases
the platform will generate a new API Key and store it in the Database

> **Please Note** Generating a new API key will replace the existing API key. If
> a new API key is generated, then API calls made with the old API key will fail.

### Two-factor Authentication

We introduce two-factor (2FA) login authentication to provide an additional layer of
security. We use Google Authenticator for the 2FA. If the feature is enabled in
the tenant then you can enable it for your account
[following the instructions](/getting-started/platform-tour#two-factor-authentication) in the profile page.


### Component Whitelisting

With the platform {{page.version}} version we introduce a new feature called **Component Whitelisting**.
In verbatim this means we can enable or disable certain integration components in
each contract based on the list of components - the Component Whitelist. If the
[component whitelist is enabled](#enabling-component-whitelisting) in the tenant
the following rules would apply in each contract:

*   You have access to all components available in your tenant while working in the developer (limited) workspaces.
*   You can only build integration flows using the available components (whitelisted components) in your production workspaces. Not included components would not show in your production workspaces while building an integration flow.
*   You can not export an integration flow from the developer workspace to production workspace if the flow contains a component not included in the whitelist.
*   You can not create a recipe with a contract level access when the recipe uses a component not included in the whitelisted components for the contract.
*   The developer workspace will not be converted to a production workspace in case when at least one step of one flow in your developer workspace uses not whitelisted component.
*   All native components from your contract with `team` access level would still be available in your production workspaces.

### Remove pending Contract invites

With platform {{page.version}} we added support for deleting pending invitations
to contracts using UI and API.

Now you can delete the user invitation by visiting **Members**
section of the **Contract Settings**, scrolling down to find the list of
**Pending Members** and clicking to delete. Check the following
[documentation page for more details](/guides/managing-user-roles-in-a-tenant.html#delete-invitation).

You can also delete the invitation using the
[API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiBaseUri}}/docs/v2/#remove-an-invitation-to-the-contract's-scope).

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Kubernetes Namespaces

With {{page.version}} release we remove Kubernetes namespace hard-coding from our
charts to integrate the platform into more Enterprise friendly infrastructures.

> **IMPORTANT** To deploy the platform version {{page.version}} on top of your existing cluster
> **you would need to re-create the entire kubernetes cluster**. We recommend to announce
> maintenance run since **the platform would be down for 10-15 minutes**.

Here are the steps necessary for a successful platform deployment:

1.  Delete existing namespaces OR uninstall helm release (**IMPORTANT: this step will delete the cluster**).
2.  Create following namespaces in kubernetes cluster (the `name` and `labels.name` should be equal to values provided in the `values.global.namespaces` of HELM3 charts):
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  labels:
    name: <monitoring_namespace_name_from_values>
  name: <monitoring_namespace_name_from_values>
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  labels:
    name: <platform_namespace_name_from_values>
  name: <platform_namespace_name_from_values>
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  labels:
    name: <tasks_namespace_name_from_values>
  name: <tasks_namespace_name_from_values>
```
The labels are important to platform's network functionality.
3.  Install the helm release.

### AWS Network Load Balancer support

Platform version {{page.version}} includes the support of the AWS Network Load
Balancer for ingress `LoadBalancer`. Here are the details of this change:

1.  We introduce a new storage type (for the AWS cloud provider) `aws-efs-csi-driver`. This means the **AWS EFS** storage type is supported in case when **Amazon EFS CSI driver** is installed on the EKS cluster. You can see more details in the [Amazon EFS CSI driver configuration documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/efs-csi.html). Here is an example configuration for your guidance:
```yaml
storage:
    slugsSubPath: “slugs”
    stewardSubPath: “steward”
    storageClassName: “platform-storage-slugs”
    persistentVolumeClaimName: “platform-storage-slugs-volume-claim”
    type: “aws-efs-csi-driver”
    config:
      name: “platform-storage-slugs-volume”
      path: “/pss”
      size: “20Gi”
      gid: 1502
      fileSystemId: fs-03f24358 # AWS EFS file system ID
```

2.  We added the parameter for the AWS Network Load Balancer (NLB). Use `global.cloudProvider: AWS` in your configuration to enable this (HELM3 values).
3.  We added also support for the **Secured docker registry**. To enable the following configuration must be provided in the HELM3 chart:
```yaml
global.services.dockerRegistry.secured: true
global.services.dockerRegistry.tlsSecretName: "docker-registry-tls"
global.services.certificates.dockerRegistry.name: "docker-registry-tls"
global.services.certificates.dockerRegistry.key: "<<base64 encoded key>>"
global.services.certificates.dockerRegistry.crt: "<<base64 encoded certificate>>"
```

**Please Note:**

*   Certificate CN should match domain name specified in the `global.services.dockerRegistry.loadBalancerIp`,
*   The docker registry load balancer does not support external load balancer type yet. Created domain must be bound to the private ip address.

### Two-factor Authentication Enabling

For 2FA we use Google Authenticator mechanism. To enable the 2FA on the tenant
you must perform the following steps:

*   Set a new parameter called `USER_TOTP_CRYPTO_PASSWORD` in the platform secrets part of the HELM3 charts. You must generate it in advance (like `pwgen -s 32 -n 1 -B`). **If this value is not set all the following steps will fail.**
*   Set the new tenant level parameter (switch) `attributes.feature_flags.enabled_totp` to `true` using a `PATCH` to `/v2/tenants/{TENANT_ID}` record (admin access).
*   When user enabled the 2FA and fails to login for some reason you can `POST` to a new API endpoint `/v2/users/:id/disable-totp` to clear 2FA setup and enable user to login again using only username and password (admin access).


### Support HTTPS for docker registry URI

With this release we added HTTPS for external docker registry URI.

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### ClickHouse replication instructions

To facilitate installation of ClickHouse and the required dependencies to run in
the High Availability mode we added the following documentation pages:

*   [ClickHouse Installation](https://on-prem.elastic.io/installation/clickhouse-installation)
*   [Zookeeper Installation](https://on-prem.elastic.io/installation/zookeeper-installation)
*   [HAProxy Installation](https://on-prem.elastic.io/installation/haproxy-installation)

### Enabling Component Whitelisting

The newly introduced [Component Whitelisting](#component-whitelisting) feature
includes changes and parameters only accessible to the tenant administration. Before
you can use the component whitelisting you must enable a dedicated tenant level
parameter (switch) `attributes.feature_flags.contract_component_whitelist`. Set
it to `true` using a `PATCH` to `/v2/tenants/{TENANT_ID}` record (admin access).

When the tenant level switch is enabled, the system will start the migration and
add IDs of all contracts to the components records in cases when the component is
used in integration flows of production workspaces. Any subsequent new contracts
would only have access to all components in the developer workspaces.

### Flow network isolation

With this release we investigated and implemented integration flow complete network
isolation. The traffic is now restricted to/from step pods. Only allowed connection
to services required for the runtime.

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the problem when it was not possible to join the Contract via invitation letter in case login with OIDC (Login using Google credentials)
*   Fixed UI bug `Invalid '0' value in the required fields with type 'number'`.
*   Addressed and standardised Maester's Redis. Sometimes it used to leave incomplete object keys and Maester would not regard this as problem.

## Components

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** ability to pass data from the individual messages to re-assembled message

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.0.0`

> We released a new version of the component which is not backwards compatible.
> Users are encouraged to investigate the CSV component documentation to learn about
> the new component.

The component will not be deployed on top of the old component repository, you can
keep using the old component. At some stage we will deprecate the old one. The new
component is available as `csv-v3` component in your components list.

*   **ADDED** new following actions:
    *   `Read CSV attachment`
    *   `Create CSV From Message Stream`
    *   `Create CSV From JSON Array`

*   **DELETED** the following functions:
    *   `Read CSV attachment` trigger
    *   `Write CSV attachment`
    *   `Write CSV attachment from JSON Array`
    *   `Write CSV attachment from JSON Object`
    *   `Read CSV file from URL`

### [id-linking-component](/components/id-linking/) `1.0.1`

*   **UPDATED** to sailor version `2.6.26`
*   **UPDATED** to Maester client library version `3.0.0`

### [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.0.3`

*   **UPDATED** to Maester client library version `3.0.0`

### [Google PubSub component](/components/google-pubsub/) `1.7.3`

*   **FIXED** the bug with not-awaited emits and endless cycle

### [Maester component](/components/maester-component/) `1.0.0`

We introduce new component for working with platform native object storage called
Maester.

*   **ADDED** the following actions:
    *   `Delete Object`
    *   `Lookup Object (at most one)`
    *   `Lookup Objects`
    *   `Upsert Object`

### [Utility Component](/components/maester-component/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** new action: `Delay`
*   **UPDATED** the sailor version to `2.6.26` and build type to `docker`
