---
title: Product Update - v21.37
description: Details of the product update v21.37 from 16th of September 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.37"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-09-16
---

## Features

### Update components in all flow steps

We introduce a new feature to help update the components in all steps of your
integration flow in one go. A new button **Update All Components** will appear
in the flow designer if your flow has steps which run on older version of the
component.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2137/rn2137-update-all-components.png" title="Update All Components Button." %}

The following rules apply with this new feature:

*   The **Update All Components** button will appear in case when the flow draft has one or more steps using an older version of the component.
*   By clicking on this button the platform will upgrade all steps to use the latest available component version - not the `latest` alias.
*   If your flow has a step running an outdated component version, by clicking on the **Update All Components** button the system will create a new draft of this flow with an updated latest component version - not set the `latest` alias. You can review your flow and publish it essentially upgrading all steps.

### Try metadata tool

With the platform version {{page.version}} we decided to reveal one of our internal
tools our team uses to render the component metadata structures to see how they would
look on the platform UI. You can experiment and refine the metadata structure before
committing it to your custom component code. We hope this tool will be as useful
for you as for our component developer team.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2137/rn2137-try-component-metadata.png" title="Try metadata tool" %}

To access this tool navigate to the URL `APP_ADDRESS/c/CONTRACT_ID/try-component-metadata`
where the `APP_ADDRESS` is the address of the platform app {{site.data.tenant.appURL}}
and the `CONTRACT_ID` is your contract ID shown in your browser address bar between
`/c/` and `/w/` while visiting the platform UI. As of this moment there is no direct
navigation link from the left-hand-side menu.

> For more information go read the [article](/developers/try-metadata.html) on this topic.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Secrets charts separation

In the platform release {{page.version}} we separated the secrets chart creation
from the platform charts following the best practices guidelines of the kubernetes
secrets management.

You are free to choose your method to store secrets. You must define these secrets
in the kubernetes before the {{page.version}} platform version deployment.

### Deployment after secrets separation

These instructions apply when you have previously deployed platform version and
need to upgrade to the latest {{page.version}}.

1.  Scale down the `stakater-reloader` to `0` instances.
2.  Delete existing secrets in the `platform` and `tasks` namespaces (`kubectl delete secrets --all -n platform` and `kubectl delete secrets --all -n tasks`).
3.  Deploy all required secrets for the platform.
4.  Deploy the {{page.version}} version of the platform.
5.  Delete `wiper` job in kubernetes `kubectl -n platform  delete jobs -lapp=wiper`. The system will restart it.

> **Note**: You need to do steps 1 and 2 once. The `stakater-reloader` will scale-up
> automatically during the platform installation. No need to scale it up manually.

{% endif %}

## Components

### [JDBC component](/components/jdbc/) `2.4.5`

*   **IMPROVED** the component by opening only one connection pool per one execution and reusing it.
