---
title: Product Update - v21.35
description: Details of the product update v21.35 from 2nd of September 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.35"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-09-02
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Deprecated components

Starting from the release {{page.version}} you can not choose the deprecated
components to build your integration flows. The following rules will apply:

*   The platform will not show the deprecated components in the designer when adding a new step.
*   For the existing flow steps where deprecated components are used, the platform will show these components until you choose another component instead. After this the deprecated component would be hidden.
*   The platform will not show the deprecated component in the credentials section unless you still have credentials associated with them.


### Improvements for input fields

While mapping the values the platform UI used to hide the buttons below the input
fields for switching between mapping modes (integrator/JSONata) and the mapping preview.
You could see these buttons only when you move you mouse over the input fields.

With {{page.version}} release the mapping modes and previous buttons show permanently.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2135/r2135-input-field.png" title="Input field before and after." %}


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.

### Support for AKS logs and metrics

To support metrics collection in case when the **containered runtime** is used
(for example AKS) in your cluster, we introduce a new `global.containerRuntime`
parameter to HELM3 charts (global `values.yaml`). It can have two values
`docker` (default) or `containerd`.

With the platform version {{page.version}} we added an improved logs and metrics collection
for AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service) based clusters. To enable it set the parameter
`global.containerRuntime` to `containerd` instead of the default `docker`.

### PSS deprecation finalisation

In the [last release](/releases/21.33) we reported about PSS deprecation. With
the current {{page.version}} we complete the process by making the PSS dependence
optional.

*   For the existing installation the PSS service will become read-only. Meaning you can read the stored files only, not write. For this purpose you must keep `.Values.global.services.pss.enabled` as `true` in the HELM3 configuration.
*   All new platform installations will not have the PSS service.
*   In cases when you use `s3` for the docker registry and the PSS is disabled (the default), the associated `pv/pvc` will not be created.


### Redis Sentinel support

With {{page.version}} we introduce support for Redis Sentinel as en external redis
for the Maester and other internal caching solutions. To use it, ensure related `.Values.global.config.*_REDIS_URI`
value is not set and the new values for connecting to Sentinel are correctly set.
Here are the newly introduced HELM3 values and their descriptions:

*   `.Values.global.config.CACHE_REDIS_SENTINELS` - Configuration for our caching solution based on Redis. List of sentinels to connect to. Format: array of objects with `host` and `port` values.
*   `.Values.global.config.CACHE_REDIS_SENTINEL_NAME` - Configuration for internal caching solution based on Redis. Identifies a group of Redis instances composed of a master and one or more slaves.
*   `.Values.global.config.CACHE_REDIS_SENTINEL_PASSWORD` - Configuration for internal caching solution based on Redis. Password to authenticate with Sentinel.
*   `.Values.global.config.MAESTER_REDIS_SENTINELS` - Maester's Redis configuration. List of sentinels to connect to. Format: array of objects with `host` and `port` values.
*   `.Values.global.config.MAESTER_REDIS_SENTINEL_NAME` - Maester's Redis configuration. Identifies a group of Redis instances composed of a master and one or more slaves.
*   `.Values.global.config.MAESTER_REDIS_SENTINEL_PASSWORD` - Maester's Redis configuration. Password to authenticate with Sentinel.


## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).

### Optional VPN and old Agents

If the platform services `bloody-gate` and `knight-of-the-bloody-gate` are
not deployed the agents section, as well as possibility to select Agent while
creating credentials will not show on UI. The platform will not accept
calls to `/v2/agents/vpn` API endpoint as well.

{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the problem when it was not possible to export the flow to recipe in the same workspace if flow contained components with a Team visibility.

## Components

No new development were made for components in the release {{page.version}}.
