---
title: Product Update - v21.41
description: Details of the product update v21.41 from 18th of October 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.41"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-10-18
---

## Features

### Retry from Step

Up to this point, when an error occurred in the thread, you could exit the message and then initiate a retry at the step where the error occurred. With the platform release version {{page.version}} a feature with which you can select any previous step in the flow and start retrying from that moment.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-retry-from-step.png" title="Retry From Step" %}

* Selects "Retry From" step from dropdown. You can select the current step and all previous steps.

* You can edit message to be inputted.

* You can click retry and flow starts from that point.

* You can not retry from trigger-step.

> **Please Note:** If passthrought is disabled in a step, you will not be able to retry from previous steps.

### Informing about deprecated or not latest version

With the platform release version {{page.version}} we introduce a new feature that will inform you if your productive flows are using deprecated(**Exclamation Icon**) or not latest versions of components(**Cycle Icon**).

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-informing-about-deprecated-or-not-latest-version.png" title="Informing about deprecated or not latest version" %}

In case there is an deprecated component in your flow, you will need to manually change it to the current version. If you just need to update your components to the latest version, you can use the **Update all components** feature:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-update-all-components.png" title="Update all components" %}

The API call also provides information about deprecated and outdated components.

## Improvements and Updates

### Reduce list of component version

Previously, on the **Versions** tab of the component configuration, you could select any previously released version of the component. We decided to limit the selectable options in the UI to the latest and last 2 published versions. Of course, all versions remain selectable via the API.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2141/rn2141-reduce-list-of-component-versions.png" title="Reduce list of component version" %}

* If you had a old version selected it remains visible

* When you switch from old

User selects "Retry From" step from dropdown. (Curent step and all previous steps are selectable.)

Based on passthrough stored as part of the message, UI builds what the message input was at the the input for the selected "Retry From" step.

User can edit message to be inputted.

User can click retry and flow starts from that point. version it disappears from the available ones


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).


## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.


{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs


## Components

### [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.0`

*   **ADDED** new Select Action
*   **DEPRECATED** old Select Action

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** Upsert row by primary key action
*   **ADDED** Execute stored procedure action

### [Hubspot Component](/components/hubspot/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** Make Raw Request Action

### [Zendesk Component](/components/zendesk/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** the following actions:
    *   Add new actions:
    *   Lookup Object By Id
    *   Lookup Objects
    *   Make Raw Request
    *   Upsert Object By Id
    *   Add Attachment to Ticket
*   **ADDED** the following trigger:
    *   Subscribe To Ticket Audits
