---
title: Product Update - v21.47
description: Details of the product update v21.47 from 25th of November 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.47"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-11-25
---

## Features

### Announcement: Flows page redesign with 21.49

The platform UI has gone through many changes in the last year. Some pages like
the Executions and Logs use the new unified design. We have still some way to go
for a complete transition into the new unified look.

Our team had been working hard to transition the Flow page recently and we think
we are ready to show you what is coming during our next release
(21.49 - 9th of December 2021).

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2147/rn2147-flows-page-new1.png" title="New Flows Card" %}

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2147/rn2147-flows-page-new2.png" title="New Flows Card with menu" %}

With this announcement we would like to inform you all about the impending roll-out
of the new Flows page during our next 21.49 release. Our next release will include
more details on each specific change.

## Improvements and Updates


{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We are in middle of constantly improving various aspects of HELM3 deployments in
collaborations with our partners. These are updates and improvements done in
this round.


## OEM Related

News in this section are for our customers who use
[OEM version of the elastic.io platform](https://www.elastic.io/saas-embedded-integration/).



{% endif %}

## Fixed Bugs


## Components

### [Hubspot Component](/components/hubspot/) `1.3.0`


*   **ADDED** Create Association action
*   **ADDED** Delete Association action
*   **ADDED** Lookup Set Of Objects By Unique Criteria action
*   **ADDED** Lookup Objects action
*   **ADDED** Delete Objects action
*   **ADDED** Webhook trigger

### [ZOHO CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** Lookup Objects action
*   **ADDED** Delete Object action

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials Component](TODO) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** HTTP request action
