---
title: Product Update - v22.06
description: Details of the product update v22.06 from 10th of February 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.06"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-02-10
---

## Features

### Step configuration: new design

As we announced in the [22.04 release notes](/releases/22.04) we are introducing
new look and feel for the integration flow step designer.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2204/eio-step-slide-overview.png" title="New Step Designer" %}

The new step designer includes the following improvement and advancements to the
flow step configuration process:

*   You can view more than one section of the step configuration by opening the desired ones individually. You can expand and collapse all sections.
*   The new view shows more information about used component, like the version, used function and credential ID.
*   We enforce Continue buttons for configuration fields to make it clearer.
*   The passthrough on/off configuration now resides in the Advanced Settings of the Summary section.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} includes lot's of work under the hood. Our team is
working to improve and refactor some of the core microservices.

*   In case the platform detects simultaneous login sessions with the same account user will get notification email providing the details of new session.
*   We reduced your login session timeout time to 24 hours. This means in case of 24 hours inactivity you would need to login to continue using the platform user interface.

### Old local agents removed

With the {{page.version}} we removed the old local agents from the platform. The
code is refactored. You can not request old local agents anymore.

{% if site.data.tenant.name == "elastic.io" %}

## HELM3

We constantly improve different aspects of HELM3 deployments in collaborations
with our partners. This section lists updates and improvements done in this round.

### Special release process for on-prem

With the {{page.version}} platform version we refactored and removed part of the
platform code related the old Local Agents. For this reason a migration must be done.

> **Please note**, you must do the migration.

Follow these instructions for installation:

Make a DB backup before the release since the migration will remove the following data:

*   It will remove local agents from all credentials, secrets and integration flow steps. As the local agents are actually not used by our customers anymore, this should not affect you.
*   It will remove RabbitMQ Boatswain (local agent related) vhost, queues, policies and users (platform admin user will stay).


### Platform Monitoring sections

For our on-prem customer we are sharing our own monitoring and alerting information
as an optional part of the HELM3 deployment. For details visit the
[dedicated monitoring](https://on-prem.elastic.io/admin/monitoring) page.

### Changes to secrets

To reduce the login session timeout to 24 hours, you could set the `COOKIE_MAX_AGE`
variable [described here](https://on-prem.elastic.io/helm3/secrets#cookie_max_age)
to `86400000` (24 hours in milliseconds).

The following environment variables were removed:

*   `KUBERNETES_RABBITMQ_URI_SAILOR`
*   `RABBITMQ_URI_BOATSWAINS`
*   `MARATHON_URI`
*   `SECONDARY_MARATHON_URI`
*   `GELF_ADDRESS`
*   `CONTAINER_HTTP_PROXY`
*   `KUBERNETES_SLUGS_BASE_URL`
*   `USE_MAIN_MARATHON_ONLY`
*   `RABBITMQ_EXTEND_BOATSWAIN_ALL_QUEUES_POLICY`

For up-to-date HELM3 chart descriptions check the
[dedicated HELM3 deployments](https://on-prem.elastic.io/helm3) page.

{% endif %}


## Components

### [Bigcommerce Component](/components/bigcommerce/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Create a Payment` action
*   **ADDED** `Orders` support for lookup (both) and delete actions
*   **ADDED** API versioning to `Make Raw Request` action


### [Flow Linking Component](/components/flow-linking/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Trigger another flow` action
*   **ADDED** `Receive trigger from another flow` trigger

### [IPaas Core Component](/components/ipaas-core/) `1.3.0`

We release this component generally. These release notes include all updates
from version `1.0.0` to `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** `Fetch Dynamic Select Model` action
*   **ADDED** `Fetch Dynamic Metadata` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (Plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Raw HTTP Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Flow` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Flow` action

### [REST API with Arbitrary Token Authentication component](/components/rest-api-token/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `HTTP request` action
