---
version: 3.17.0
releaseDate: 2019-06-27
layout: release
---

Version 3.17.0 is full of new stuff. Let's see what we added for you in the following sections:

-   [New Features](#new-features)

-   [Fixed Bugs](#fixed-bugs)

-   [Technical Details](#technical-stuff)

### New Features

Check out the improvements in the following subsections:

-   [Frontend](#frontend)

-   [Other](#other)


#### Frontend

Credentials management is now way better due to a few tweaks. First of all, you can now edit or delete credentials in the Designer. Secondly, you don't have to verify credentials any more. Of course, verification  protects Flows from invalid credentials. However, we thought that the step should be optional. So now you don't have to spend extra time on credentials verification, if you don't want to.

Also, we changed the order in step configuration process. Now it goes as follows:

1\. Select the Component

2\. Choose version (optional)

3\. Choose Trigger/Action

3\. Choose credential (or choose Agent, if the Component does not have credentials)


#### Other

Now all Flows will start and stop faster, taking less time between clicking start or stop in the UI, than they did earlier. If you are interested in details, you can find them [here](#other-stuff).

You can now change metadata for your Platform HTML page, like [this](#other-stuff).

Additionally, we tweaked scaling a bit, adjusting the mechanism of graceful platform application scaling. This means you won't get any deployment/scaling errors.


## Fixed Bugs

- We never thought it was possible, but there were no bugs this month!


## Technical Stuff

**WARNING!** Boring technical stuff ahead. Read only if you have to.

#### Frontend stuff

*"Please, configure all steps in order to save the flow"* message replaced with alert. It shows in case of non-configured components in a flow.


#### Other Stuff

So, now the API can call Admiral immediately after you've clicked start/stop. Obviously, this improvement boosts "reaction" time. Additionally, we reduced latency between message emitted in first step by scheduler or Webhooks, and the actual pod start.

For metadata:

`POST /v2/tenants` and `PATCH /v2/tenants` now have `htmlMeta` property.

```
"attributes": {
        	"html_meta": {
        		"description": "I am a description",
        		"keywords": ["foo", "bar", "baz"],
        		"author": "Acme Corporation"
    		}

      }
```
