---
version: 3.16.0
releaseDate: 2019-05-30
layout: release
---

Version 3.16.0 is full of new stuff. Let's see what we added for you in the following sections:

-   [New Features](#new-features)

-   [Fixed Bugs](#fixed-bugs)

-   [Technical Details](#technical-stuff)

### New Features

Check out the improvements in the following subsections:

-   [Performance Boosts](#performance-boosts)

-   [Frontend](#frontend)

-   [Other](#other)


#### Performance Boosts

We have made quite a few performance-related improvements. Apart from general optimization of the platform this means that now *Flows* and *Designer* pages will work much faster. For once, we will not spam you with boring technical details on this one. You will see the difference.


#### Frontend

For your convenience we have set alphabetical ordering for the following:

-	Contracts switcher
-	Components list on *Credentials* page
-	Credentials list of a certain Component
-	Components list in Designer
-	Credentials of a certain Component in Designer
-	Component's functions list in Designer
-	Workspace members list
-	Contract members list
-	Workspaces list on the *Contract details* page
-	Developer Teams list on *Contract details* page
-	Repositories list on *Developer Team* page

Additionally, you can now open links in new tabs. You know, those you couldn't before, like: *Workspace* link in the left navigation bar, *Flow* link in the list of flows, *Next* and *Previous* links in execution log.

Also, some descriptions and messages are now more clear: mapping description for array mapping, limited Workspace text, etc. Some details [here](#frontend-stuff), if you require.

*Content-Based Router* component now shows branch setup directly after component selection on the first step.


#### Other

You can now filter data samples by ID in API endpoint `GET /v2/data-samples?filter[id]=id1,id2,..,idN`
An example is [here](#other-stuff).

If you're using *Content-Based Router* component, you'd be glad to know that it can now access passthrough. Details [here](#other-stuff).

In the following gendry migration `2019-05-16-set-task-last-start-time.js` add `flow.lastStartTime` where it's not set. This is essential for the new functuionality.


## Fixed Bugs

- Flows older than 1.5 years don't block Contract deletion any more, provided you run gendry migration `2019-05-02-set-task-currentStatus-for-deleted-status.js`

- Uppercase letters in Service Account username do not break login process anymore.

- You can now change apiUri, webhooksUri and domain in a Tenant with ``"isDefault" : true``.


## Technical Stuff

**WARNING!** Boring technical stuff ahead. Read only if you have to.

#### Frontend stuff

*"Please, configure all steps in order to save the flow"* message replaced with alert. It shows in case of non-configured components in a flow.


#### Other Stuff

**FILTERING EXAMPLE:**
```
curl https://api.elastic.io/v2/data-samples?filter[id]={DATASAMPLE_ID1},{DATASAMPLE_ID2} \
  -u {EMAIL}:{APIKEY} \
  -H 'Accept: application/json'
```

**EXAMPLE FOR CBR PASSTHROUGH:**

 The first step of flow returns the next data in the sample:
```
{
  "fireTime": "2634-02-27T12:50:29.603Z",
  "lastPoll": "2840-04-29T18:20:58.174Z"
}
```

If you want these values to be evaluated please use the following expressions:
`elasticio."step_1".body.fireTime` or `elasticio."step_1".body.lastPoll`

**NOTE:** The new version of [Content-Based Router component](https://github.com/elasticio/router-component) needs to be applied to your installation.
