---
title:  Assetbank component
layout: component
section: Marketing-related components
description: The Assetbank component facilitates interaction with the Assetbank API.
icon: assetbank.png
icontext: Assetbank component
category: assetbank
ComponentVersion: 1.0.0
updatedDate: 2025-04-15
---

## Table of Contents

* [Description](#description)
* [Credentials](#credentials)
* [Triggers](#triggers)
  * [Get New and Updated Objects Polling](#get-new-and-updated-objects-polling)
* [Actions](#actions)
  * [Delete Object By ID](#delete-object-by-id)
  * [Lookup Object By ID](#lookup-object-by-id)
  * [Lookup Objects (plural)](#lookup-objects-plural)
  * [Make Raw Request](#make-raw-request)
  * [Upsert Object](#upsert-object)

## Description

The Assetbank Component facilitates interaction with the [Assetbank API](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/10518051/TVK8Zyxr).

## Credentials

To build an integration flow, the first step is to create OAuth2 credentials by following these steps:

1. Navigate to the `Admin` > `System` > `API`.
2. Click the `Add new OAuth2 credentials` button.
3. Fill in the fields:
- **Name** (optional) - Assign any desired name for the credentials.
- **Description** (optional) - Assign any desired description for the credentials.
- **Client Id** - Automatically generated, but clicking the "Generate" link will create a new 32-character hex string.
- **Secret** - Not generated by default, but clicking "Generate" will create a 64-character hex string.
- **Redirect URLs** - Set as `https://{your-tenant-address}/callback/oauth2`, where `{your-tenant-address}` is the domain of the integration platform.
4. Save your `Client ID` and `Client Secret` - as they will be needed for component credentials.
5. Click the `Save` button.

Note: To enable this feature, you must have an admin role.

For more details, refer to [Asset Bank API - OAuth2](https://support.assetbank.co.uk/hc/en-gb/articles/360015325197-Asset-Bank-API-OAuth2).

Now we can proceed to the new credentials for the component:

* **Type** (dropdown, required) - `OAuth2`
* **Choose Auth Client** (dropdown, required) - choose from previously created clients or select `Add New Auth Client`:
    * **Name** (string, required) - Assign any desired name.
    * **Client ID** (string, required) - Enter the `Client ID` from the previous steps.
    * **Client Secret** (string, required) - Enter the `Client Secret`  from the previous steps.
    * **Authorization Endpoint** (string, required) - OAuth2 authorization endpoint `https://{your-assetbank-domain}/oauth/authorize`, where `{your-assetbank-domain}` is the server name of your Assetbank installation.
    * **Token Endpoint** (string, required) - Refresh token endpoint `https://{your-assetbank-domain}/oauth/token`, where `{your-assetbank-domain}` is the server name of your Assetbank installation.
* **Name Your Credential** (string, required) - Put any name you prefer.
* **Server Name** (string, required) - The domain of your Assetbank installation, example: `example.assetbank-server.com/assetbank-example`.
* **Number of retries** (number, optional, 5 by default) - How many times component should retry to make request.
* **Delay between retries** (number ms, optional, 10000 by default) - How much time wait until a new try.


## Triggers
  
### Get New and Updated Objects Polling

Retrieves all the updated objects within a given time range.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): Type of object to poll on. Currently supported only `Assets`.
* **Timestamp field to poll on** - (dropdown, optional): Select the date field to track changes. Currently supported only `Last Modified`.
* **Emit behavior** - (dropdown, optional): Indicates emit objects behavior - `Emit individually` (by default) or `Emit page`
* **Size of Polling Page** - (optional, positive integer, defaults to 100, max 100): Indicates the size of pages to be fetched
* **Start Time** - (string, optional): The timestamp, in ISO8601 format, to start polling from (inclusive). The default value is the beginning of time (January 1, 1970 at 00:00.000).

#### Input Metadata

None.

#### Output Metadata
- For `Fetch page`: An object with key ***results*** that has an array as its value.
- For `Emit Individually`:  Each object fills the entire message.


## Actions 

### Delete Object By ID 

Deletes a single object using its ID.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (string, required): The type of object to delete. The currently supported types are:
    - Access Level
    - Asset
    - Attribute Value
    - User
    - User Lightbox
    - User Lightbox Contents Asset

#### Input Metadata

A dynamically generated list of required fields based on the selected `Object Type`.

#### Output Metadata

A successful request returns an empty response.


### Lookup Object By ID 

Retrieves a single object using its ID.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (string, required): The type of object to look up. The currently supported types are:
    - Access Level
    - Asset
    - Asset Сontent
    - Asset Conversion
    - Asset Type
    - Attribute
    - Keyword
    - Attribute Value
    - Category
    - Embedded Data Mapping
    - User
    - User Lightbox

#### Input Metadata

A dynamically generated list of required fields based on the selected `Object Type`.

#### Output Metadata

Returns an object with the result of the lookup. If the `Asset content` type is selected, the result will include `assetContentURL`, which is a signed URL that serves the content and `internalURL`, which is a link to the file stored within the platform's internal storage (Maester).


### Lookup Objects (Plural) 

Lookups a set of objects based on a defined list of criteria. The results can be emitted in different ways.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): The type of object to look up. The currently supported types are:
    - Access Levels
    - Assets
    - Asset Types
    - Attributes
    - Keywords
    - Attribute Values
    - Categories
    - Embedded Data Mappings
    - Users
    - User Lightboxes
    - Lightbox Contents

* **Emit Behavior** - (dropdown, optional): Specifies how the resulting objects will be emitted, either as `Emit All` or `Emit Individually`.

#### Input Metadata

A dynamically generated list of available criteria.

#### Output Metadata

For `Emit All` mode: An object with the key `results`, which contains an array as its value.
For `Emit Individually` mode: Each object fills the entire message.

### Make Raw Request

Allows for the execution of custom requests using the Assetbank REST API directly.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Don't throw an error on 404 Response** - (optional, boolean): Configures the handling of 404 HTTP responses as non-errors. The default is `false`.

#### Input Metadata

* **Url** - (string, required): The relative path of the resource, appended to the base URL that was provided in the credentials (here comes a part of the path that goes after https://example.assetbank-server.com/assetbank-example/rest).
* **Method** - (string, required): Specifies the HTTP method for the request.
* **Request Body** - (object, optional): The body content for the request.

#### Output Metadata

* **Status Code** - (number, required): The HTTP response status code.
* **HTTP headers** - (object, required): The response's HTTP headers.
* **Response Body** - (object, optional): The body of the HTTP response.

### Upsert Object

This action updates an existing object or creates a new one, depending on the selected operation.

#### Configuration Fields

* **Operation** - (dropdown, required): Choose the operation to perform - either `Update` or `Create`.
* **Object Type** - (dropdown, required): Select the type of object to update or create. The currently supported types both for `Create` and `Update` operations are:
    - Access Level
    - Asset
    - Asset Content
    - User

  Supported types only for `Create` operation are:
    - Attribute Value
    - User Lightbox
    - User Lightbox Content

#### Input Metadata

Fields are dynamically generated based on the selected `Object Type`.

#### Output Metadata

The result object from the create or update operation.