---
version: 2.0
date: 2013-11-29
layout: release
---

## Changes in v{{page.version}}.1

### New Features


* Workspace navigation bar is displaying titles on hover. After hovering
the mouse over the Workspace icon the tool-tip with full Workspace name is displayed.
* REST API resource `GET /v2/contract` returns now the `relationships.workspaces.data`
for each Contract where given User has the Admin permissions.
* New design of dashboard runlog. Now the runlog has the following columns:
Author, Integration flow, Time, Records, Errors. Paging is replaced with
Load More. By default, only the first 20 records are displayed.
* As tenant admin I want to configuration option to define a documentation
link in the left menu. If Tenant.links.documentation is set in DB, a
link Docs appears at the buttom popup-menu. This link opens the platform
documentation in the new browser tab. Both relative and absolute urls are supported.
* Master API key. Each platform User has own single Master API key,
which doesn't depend on membership of Contract or Workspace.
* As a User I want to see full list of my Contracts, not only active one.
At the Settings section User can see the information about all his/her
Contracts, but can't switch them. To change Contract please use Contract
switcher at the bottom popup-menu as before.

### Bugs

* Fixed the REST API Documentation URL on the Profile page.
* Removed duplication of data in messages passing through flows. Please
note that Mapper and HTTP Reply components need to be updated
