---
version: 3.15.0
releaseDate: 2019-04-25
layout: release
---

This document presents release notes for our platform version 3.15.0. It
contains the following sections:

-   [New Features](#new-features)

-   [Fixed Bugs](#fixed-bugs)

### New Features

This section contains improvements in the following subsections:

-   [Full and Limited Workspaces](#full-and-limited-workspaces)

-   [Contracts and Workspaces](#contracts-and-workspaces)

-   [Other](#other)

#### Full and Limited Workspaces

- Introduced workspace types in the UI.

- Set `tenant.defaultWorkspaceType` to `full` by default, so all workspaces will be created with full type.

- Introduced new *Wiper* script for stopping flows in limited workspaces. It is a new wiper job `stop-limited-flows` that periodically stops flows in limited workspaces.

- Implemented API for limited flows stopping. Introduced API endpoint for *Wiper* to get flows that have to be stopped in limited workspaces. The response consists of an array of IDs of flows that require stopping. You can modify the TTL (Time to Live) of the limited flows by using the environment variable `LIMITED_WORKSPACE_FLOW_TTL_IN_MINUTES`. The default value is `10 minutes`.

- Updated the *Wiper* job `suspend-tasks-with-failing-containers`. Now this job will stop failed flows in limited workspaces, instead of suspending them, as it does in the full workspaces.

#### Contracts and Workspaces

- A user with `workspaces.workspace.edit` permission can rename workspace via the UI.

- A user without owner role will not be added to empty contract via `POST /v2/:contract_id/invites` or `POST /v2/:contract_id/members` by default.
`POST /v2/contracts/:contract_id/members` will return `409` if contract has no members and `payload.role` doesn't contain owner.
`POST /v2/contracts/:contract_id/invites` will return `409` if contract has no members and `payload.role` doesn't contain owner. 

To disable this effect you need to set environment variable `DISABLE_CONTRACT_MUST_HAVE_OWNER` to `"true"` into secret. After that it is possible to add member without owner role to empty contract.

**EXAMPLE:**
```
{
    "DISABLE_CONTRACT_MUST_HAVE_OWNER": "true"
}
```
**Note:** because of environment variables processing, the value `false` is being converted into a string (`"false"`) and considered as truthy value. In order to set the behavior back to defaults, it is better to remove this environment variable from the secret at all.

- To not create the default workspace. The default Workspace won't be created in the following cases:

  1\. `POST` new member into the Contract.

  2\. Redeeming an invite.

  3\. New user registration. 
  
  The page with **Create New Workspace** button will appear instead.



#### Other

- After registration new users will be created via API calls instead of directly via Database.

- **Reset snapshot** function is disabled while the flow is running. You can reset snapshot only when the flow is stopped.

- Added/changed environment variables that control CPU and memory requests/limits.
Make sure the following environment variables are set:
```
COMPONENT_MEM_DEFAULT=256
COMPONENT_MEM_DEFAULT_LIMIT=256
COMPONENT_MEM_JAVA=512
COMPONENT_MEM_JAVA_LIMIT=512
COMPONENT_CPU=0.1
COMPONENT_CPU_LIMIT=1
```

- Pods are now used instead of jobs for flows, improving platform performance.

- All new pods in k8s are started with `ImagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent`.


## Fixed Bugs


-  **FIXED** all bugs associated with old JSONata version. Updated JSONata versions used in the platform to `1.6.3`. The following components require updates on release: mapper, router, JSONata-transform.
