---
version: 3.14.0
releaseDate: 2019-04-04
layout: release
---

This document presents release notes for our platform version 3.14.0. It
contains the following sections:

-   [New Features](#new-features)

-   [Fixed Bugs](#fixed-bugs)

### New Features

This section contains improvements in the following subsections:

-   [OAuth](#oauth)

-   [UI](#ui)

-   [Other](#other)

#### *OAuth*

-   Introduced API endpoints for OAuth clients. Oauth client entity contains
    client ID and client secret for OAuth authorization.

-   Oauth client is defined in tenant per component. There may be several OAuth
    clients in different tenants for same component. **Note**: since OAuth
    client belongs to tenant, tenant removal means OAuth clients removal for
    this tenant.

-   In case a component was removed or hidden due to access change, OAuth client
    remains. However, no information about component is attached in responses.

-   Accessibility is calculated on tenant basis. So global components are
    recognized as accessible. If component tenant matches OAuth client tenant,
    components with `tenant` and `team` accesses are also recognized as
    accessible.

-   Blocked the ability to delete an OAuth client, which is used in the flow (or draft, or version).

-   Global OAuth components don't appear in `GET /v2/components` response until a Tenant Admin creates an OAuth Client for them.

-   Set OAuth client related environment variables on each step execution.

-   Reworked OAuth code of Frontend to get tenant-specific OAuth parameters from OAuth
    clients API. New service account is introduced. It's used by frontend to
    communicate with API. Login + pass pair is defined with the new environment variables:

     `FRONTEND_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_USERNAME`

     `FRONTEND_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PASSWORD`.

     You should generate it any way you like (e.g. `pwgen -n 15 -y`) At this moment only `tenants.oauth_client.get` permission is granted to frontend service account.


#### *UI*

-   Number of workspaces shown on the left menu is now limited by browser
    height.

-   Added tooltips to the **Plus** button starting from the second step of the
    flow. *"Add the initial trigger"* and *"Add a new action"* hints.

-   Added tooltip explaining why the user cannot publish a draft. *"Please
    complete all steps first"* message is displayed next to the Publish Draft
    icon.

-   Changed tooltip for **Create Draft** button to *"Edit Flow"*.
    **Note:** changes will not affect the flow until you publish edited draft message is now
    appeared.

#### *Other*
-  All numeric log object properties are converted to strings to avoid the following Graylog parsing errors:
`{"type":"mapper_parsing_exception","reason":"failed to parse
[err_code]","caused_by":{"type":"number_format_exception","reason":"For
input string: \"string\""}}` for platform apps logs.

-   To avoid `MapperParsingException[failed to parse [err_code]]; nested:
    NumberFormatException[For input string: "INVALID_PARAM"]`. Parsing JSON of
    components' log messages removed from Graylog input and is done in-place on
    frontend.
    Deployment instructions: Remove all extractors for Graylog GEL input
    named `"Input for flow steps and one-time execs"`. This should be done after
    instructions for Route platform app logs to own `GELF input -> stream ->
    index`.

-   Removed `contract.membership.edit` permission from `contract.admin` role. So
    that he/she could not change roles of Contract members.

-   New input field type RegExp (Regular Expression). Field object in
    *component.json* should have the next property in order to validate it as a
    regular expression field `"type": "regexp"`.

-   All wiper Cron job descriptors were changed - `“startingDeadlineSeconds”: 200` added.

-   Tenant admin can now include the custom *.js* and *.css* files in order
    to be able to change the behavior/appearance of the platform. Tenant model
    needs to accept the following new properties:

```
"customStylesheets": [
  {"href": "http://path-to-1.css"},
  {"href": "http://path-to-2.css"},
  ...
],
"customScripts": [
  {"src": "http://path-to-1.js"},
  {"src": "http://path-to-2.js"},
  ...
]
```


-   Workspace owner can rename workspace via API request.

-   Implemented statistics collector for one-time-executions.

-   CSS improved for custom tenant styles.

-   Unused samples will be deleted after choosing the definite sample.

-   Route platform app logs to own GELF input -\> stream -\> index. Added
    ability to send log messages of flow steps and one-time-execs (verify
    credentials, dynamic metadata, dynamic select model) to separate GELF input
    in Graylog. This allows applying own extractors configuration and logs
    records retention policies.

**Deployment instructions:**

BEFORE DEPLOYMENT:

• Save following *.json* as file and import as Graylog content pack
```
{"name":"{name} v3.14.0 update","description":"{name} v3.14.0
update","category":"{name}","inputs":[{"id":"5c641c5346bf4004e61835b5","title":"Input
for flow steps and one-time
execs","configuration":{"override_source":"eio-exec","recv_buffer_size":262144,"bind_address":"0.0.0.0","port":12202,"decompress_size_limit":8388608},"static_fields":{},"type":"org.graylog2.inputs.gelf.udp.GELFUDPInput","global":true,"extractors":[{"title":"message_cut","type":"REGEX_REPLACE","cursor_strategy":"COPY","target_field":"message","source_field":"message","configuration":{"replacement":"$1","regex":"^(.{0,524288}).*$"},"converters":[],"condition_type":"NONE","condition_value":"","order":0},{"title":"JSON","type":"JSON","cursor_strategy":"COPY","target_field":"message","source_field":"message","configuration":{"flatten":false,"key_separator":".","list_separator":",
","kv_separator":"="},"converters":[],"condition_type":"STRING","condition_value":"level","order":1},{"title":"K8S
Fluentd","type":"JSON","cursor_strategy":"COPY","target_field":"","source_field":"log","configuration":{"flatten":true,"list_separator":",
","kv_separator":"=","key_prefix":"","key_separator":"_","replace_key_whitespace":false,"key_whitespace_replacement":"_"},"converters":[],"condition_type":"NONE","condition_value":"","order":2}]}],"streams":[{"id":"5c641bc646bf4004e61830e1","title":"Flow
steps and one-time execs stream","description":"Logs from flow steps and
one-time execs
input","disabled":false,"matching_type":"AND","stream_rules":[{"type":"EXACT","field":"source","value":"eio-exec","inverted":false,"description":""},{"type":"EXACT","field":"source","value":"eio-exec","inverted":false,"description":""}],"outputs":[],"default_stream":false}],"outputs":[],"dashboards":[],"grok_patterns":[{"name":"BASE10NUM","pattern":"(?<![0-9.+-])(?>[+-]?(?:(?:[0-9]+(?:\\.[0-9]+)?)|(?:\\.[0-9]+)))"}],"lookup_tables":[],"lookup_caches":[],"lookup_data_adapters":[]}
```

• Apply content from imported {name} v3.14.0 update content pack named
*"Elasticio execs"*

• Start Stream *"Flow steps and one-time execs stream”*

• Make sure udp port 12202 is not blocked by firewall on graylog

• Set GELF_PORT_EIO_EXEC environment variable to 12202 for eio-fluentd Daemon Set

**End of Instructions**


## Fixed Bugs


-  **FIXED** excessively long text in Configure input section is overlaid table border in
    retrieved sample.

-  **FIXED** broken API docs start page when there is no slash at the end of the URL.
    /docs/v2/ is the new start page now.
