---
title: Product Update - v24.13
description: Details of the product update v24.13 from the 28th of March 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.13"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-03-28
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.13.html
---

## New Features
### Added support for flow variables in Recipes
The Recipe author has a possibility to declare variables in Recipe and use its values in the Flow templates.

User can access these variables via `$getFlowVariables().{variable_name}`.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2413/Flow_variables.gif" title="Flow variables example" %}

The usage example of storing these variables can be found in [API documentation]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/recipes/post_recipes) in Recipes endpoint in variables section.

### Improved Email template texts for deleting Workspace/Contract/Membership actions
The next e-mails now contain the name of the User who triggered the deletion process:

- Delete Workspace.
- Delete Contract.
- Remove Member from Workspace.
- Remove Member from Contract.
- Remove Member from Developers team.

### HMAC SHA-256 authorization method
Now the SHA-256 encryption algorithm is supported in Webhook credentials.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2413/Webhook_sha256_secret.png" title="Webhook SHA256 secret" %}

### Increased time of possible restoring flow before permanent removal to 48 hours
CronJob value responsible for time of possible flow recovery (see [Release 23.44](/releases/23/44.html#restoring-deleted-flow)) before permanent deletion is **increased to 48 hours**.


### Beautify cUrl in the Implement section of the flow-designer
Now the JSON in the Implement section displays beautified to read the flow's structure more easily.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2413/Implementing_tab.png" title="Implementing section" %}

### Enable Subscribe to errors by default for the flow creator
[Subscribe to errors feature](/guides/managing-flows.html#subscribe-to-errors) is automatically activated for the creator of the flow by default.
User can unsubscribe to errors via gear menu at the Flow card. Also any user can subscribes to not his own flow in the workspace.


## Avoided vulnerabilities

### Vulnerability CWE-601 "Open Redirect"
Fixed vulnerability by removing domain by default.

### Update @elastic.io/jsonata-moment to avoid vulnerability
Updated `@elastic.io/jsonata-moment` to `1.1.6` to fix a vulnerability found in jsonata `1.8.6` (migrated jsonata to `1.8.7`).

### Update @elastic.io/component-commons-library to avoid vulnerability
Got rid of `@elastic.io/component-commons-library` lib as a dependency to avoid circular dependency. The only function that was used from that library has been moved to this library source code.

### Update JSONata to 1.8.7 to resolve vulnerability
Update JSONana version in the `jsonata-moment` library.

### Update @elastic.io/maester-client to new version to avoid vulnerability
`@elastic.io/maester-client` updated to `5.0.2`
The new `elasticio-sailor-nodejs` version `2.7.2` [was released](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elasticio-sailor-nodejs).


## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** Subscribe to errors check mark disappears after UI reload.
*   **FIXED** `$getPassthrough()` function is not available in the UI when the previous step's sample is an array.
*   **FIXED** Grant/Revoke support access button is not displayed on Workspace page if it configured on the tenant level, not per contract.
*   **FIXED** The `monitor-contract-quota-usage` job doesn't send email if quota is exceed.
*   **FIXED** The quota usage page cannot load reports if you have a large number of workspaces.
*   **FIXED** `k8s-events-handler` reconnection issue.


## Components

### [Transformation (JSONata) component](/components/jsonata/) `1.0.13`
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`.
*   **UPDATED** `@elastic.io/component-commons-library` to `3.2.0`.

### [Node.js Code with Credentials component](/components/code-component-with-credentials/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
    *   _Note_: The component is derived from the [code-component 1.2.11](/components/code/). A noteworthy enhancement in this version is the introduction of an authorization mechanism. This mechanism involves the use of credentials, which are available in four distinct types:
        - `No Auth`
        - `Basic Auth`
        - `API Key`
        - `OAuth 2.0`

### [REST API V2 component](/components/rest-api/) `2.0.15`
* **UPDATED** the Sailor version to `2.7.2`.
* **SET** the Node engine to `18.x`.
* **UPDATED** minor development libraries.

### [Google translate component](/components/google-translate/) `2.0.0`
* **SWITCHED** Google Translate library from `google-translate:3.0.0` to `google-cloud/translate:8.1.0`
    *   _Note_: Translate Object Properties has not been transferred to this component version.
* **UPDATED** Sailor to `2.7.2`.
* **UPDATED** development libraries.
* **FIXED** credentials verification stuck issue.
