---
title: Product Update - v24.17
description: Details of the product update v24.17 from the 27th of April 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.17"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-04-27
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.17.html
---

## New Features
### New Quota for the number of requests to Webhooks per Contract/Workspace
We have implemented new quota types to enhance control over webhook calls per minute:
* `per_contract_request_webhooks_per_minute_limit`: controls calls to webhooks per minute at the contract level.
* `per_workspace_request_webhooks_per_minute_limit`: controls calls to webhooks per minute at the workspace level.

These quotas enable fine-grained management of webhook usage, ensuring optimal performance and resource utilization.

**Error notification for Quota exceedance**

When the quota is exceeded, the following error message will be displayed:
```
{
  "error": "Request quota exceeded: contract 5b5ed1cf272cf80011ae7b43 (false) | workspace 59d341e9037f7200184a408b (true)",
  "requestId": "9a315b2c476bd2c6f40a8d739d3f348e"
}
```
Keep an eye on your quota limits to maintain smooth operations!

### New feature-flag for error subscription management
We've introduced a new feature-flag `subscribe_to_error_by_default`, designed to streamline error subscription management within flows. This feature is accessible at both Tenant and Contract levels.
By default, this feature is set to `true` for all tenants, ensuring seamless error tracking. You can customize this setting using API calls through `POST` and `PATCH` methods at the following endpoints:
* [v2/tenants/:id](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/tenants)
* [v2/contracts/:id](https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/contracts)

### Review platform compatibility with Kubernetes v1.27 and v1.28.
The update of Kubernetes to version 1.28 is planned for the 27th of April 2024.

### New Dashboard metric: Messages in Queues
Introducing a new metric to our Dashboard: Messages in Queues. This metric provides valuable insights into the status of unprocessed messages and offers a detailed list of flows along with their respective message queue counts.
Now, you can easily monitor message queue performance, ensuring efficient message processing across your workflows.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2417/Dashboard.png" title="Dashboard" %}

### `Run Now` Button in Flow Designer Header
The `Run Now` button is now available in the header of active flows, allowing users to effortlessly initiate the run-now functionality directly from the flow designer interface.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2417/RunNow.png" title="Run Now" %}

### New environment variable: `USER_NAME` in email template
Added a new environment variable `USER_NAME` to the email template `workspace-invite-new-user`. This variable dynamically populates the receiver’s full name (`firstName` and `lastName`) in the invitation email.
Now, the email notifications can be personalized with the recipient's name, creating a more engaging and tailored experience for new users joining your workspace.

### Updated UI for Credentials section with checkboxes
Updated UI for the credentials section, implementing a cleaner and more user-friendly design for checkboxes.

## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** random plus and fork icons are displayed on the flow-designer page after adding a step in the middle of the flow
*   **FIXED** cases where no new threads if the trigger hasn't emitted the messages since March 28th
*   **FIXED** snapshots don't work for JAVA-based components

## Components
### [Deepl component](/components/deepl/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Translate Document` Action
*   **ADDED** `Translate Text` Action

### [Monday component](/components/monday/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action

### [Notion component](/components/notion-component/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Archive Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at Most One)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action

### [ChatGPT component](/components/chatgpt/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** a field which allows to specify an API call request timeout to the `Send Request` Action
*   The list of models in the `Send Request` Action is now dynamic

### [Shopify Admin v2 component](/components/shopify-admin-v2/) `2.4.0`
*   **ADDED** emit empty object if no entities found checkbox to `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action