---
title: Product Update - v24.23
description: Details of the product update v24.23 from the 6th of June 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.23"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-06-06
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.23.html
---

## New Features
### Enhanced flow name visibility in filter dropdowns
Improved the flow name visibility in the filter dropdowns on the `Executions`, `Containers`, and `Logs` pages. 
Now, when hovering over flow names in the filter dropdowns, users can view the full flow name if it's too long. This update facilitates better understanding and navigation within the platform, making it easier for users to identify and select specific flows for their tasks.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2423/full_flow_name.gif" title="Flow Name" %}

### Bulk flow Export feature
Experience increased productivity with the new bulk flow export capability on the platform. The new dropdown menu `Exports` now offers users two convenient options: `Export Flow(s)` and `Export to a Recipe`.
Selecting `Export Flow(s)`, users can choose one or multiple flows and export them simultaneously to any available contract and workspace as flow drafts. This feature empowers users to efficiently manage and export multiple flows with ease, optimizing their workflow and boosting productivity.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2423/many_flows.gif" title="Export Many Flows" %}

### Improved data visualization in JSONataView with `label` field display
Enhanced data representation in the JSONataView viewclass with the introduction of `label` field display. Users can now easily access and view the contents of the label field within JSONataView, as described in the `component.json` file. This enhancement allows for clearer data visualization and interpretation within the viewclass, and provides users with enabling better understanding and analysis of the label field content within the JSONataView viewclass.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2423/Label.png" title="Label" %}

### Unsubscribing from flow errors via API
With the new API endpoint `https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/delete_flows_subscription`, users can now unsubscribe from flow errors across all their flows or specifically within a specific workspace. 
This feature empowers integrators to efficiently manage error notifications, providing flexibility and control over error subscriptions for enhanced workflow efficiency.

### `Default` label display for Router component branches
Users can now easily view the `Default` label associated with a branch of the router component directly on the flow queue page. 
This update provides users with quick access to essential information, facilitating better understanding and management of the routing logic within the flow queue.

### Updated status code `429` for exceeded Webhook requests limit
When the quota for Webhook requests is exceeded, the Webhook URL now responds with a `429 Too Many Requests` status code. 

### Symbols validation for credentials in the Webhook component
Users interacting with the credential fields of the Webhook component will now go through validation to identify unsupported characters.
In case unsupported characters are detected, an error message displaying `Disallowed symbol(s)` will prompt users, ensuring data integrity and safeguarding against unauthorized access.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** HMAC sha256 authentication is not working with Some external systems:
    * Some external systems may use different headers for passing the HMAC signature. We added a new field Header Name for the Webhook's credentials with HMAC for customer header value. If not specified - default `x-eio-signature` will be used.

*   **FIXED** applying of predefined flow type (`Ordinary` or `Real-time`) on the `Activate Recipe` action.
*   **FIXED** applying of predefined CRON expression on the `Activate Recipe` action.


## Components
### [Bynder component](/components/bynder-component/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [NetSuite REST API Client Credentials component](/components/netsuite-rest-api-client-credentials-component/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Git-Protocol component](/components/git-protocol/) `1.2.4`
*   **ADDED** option to provide either the `Maester Object ID` or the `Maester Object URL` as input in the `Create Commit` Action

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials Component](/components/rest-api-client-credentials-auth-component/) `1.2.0`
*   **ADDED** `Maximum response size in bytes` configuration field to `HTTP request` Action

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/) `1.5.0`
*   **REVITALIZED** `Re-assembled Message` Action - now all messages are stored in memory within the component and saved to the external storage (Maester) only when needed
*   **ADDED** new checkbox `Emit result as array` to `Re-assembled Message` Action
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`
*   **FIXED** vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [Monday component](/components/monday-component/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Execute Mutation` Action

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.3.0`
*   **ADDED** `Read CSV file from URL` Trigger

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.3.1`
*   **ADDED** `Emit Behaviour` select view to the `Select` Action

### [REST API Token AUTH component](/components/rest-api-token-auth-component/) `1.0.1`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`

### [Batch component](/components/batch/) `2.0.8`
*   **FIXED** error `Could not parse Maester object as it is not a JSON object`
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`

### [Flow Linking component](/components/flow-linking/) `1.0.3`
*   **FIXED** issue with `Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'data')` in `Trigger another flow` Action
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`