---
title: Product Update - v24.27
description: Details of the product update v24.27 from the 4th of July 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.27"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-07-04
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.27.html
---

## New Features
### Hide empty executions on Execution page
Improved filtering functionality on the Execution page with the addition of a checkbox option to hide executions without messages. Users can now easily toggle this feature next to the filters, effectively removing empty executions from view. This enhancement optimizes the display of relevant execution data, enabling users to focus on executions with messages and enhancing the overall usability of the Execution page for efficient flow monitoring and analysis.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2427/empty_exec.png" title="Hide empty executions" %}

### Handling unprocessed expiration errors from Kubernetes
Enhanced capabilities with the addition of handling for unprocessed expiration errors from Kubernetes. A dedicated metric that tracks and logs restarts associated with unprocessed expiration errors, providing valuable insights into system stability and performance. 

### Addressing UI freezing during large Sample loads
The replacement of the old library with a new, more efficient one has significantly enhanced UI memory usage, resulting in a smoother experience when working with extensive sample datasets. This upgrade aims to provide users with a more responsive interface, eliminating freezes and ensuring a seamless workflow when handling large sample loads.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** the error message `TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'filter')` on the `Flows` page, even when no flows are present.
*   **FIXED** snapshots are not being read properly within a single container.
    *   A new version of Sailor `io.elastic:sailor-jvm:4.0.2` has been released.

## Components
### [Square component](/components/square-component/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger

### [Microsoft Dynamics for Finance and Operations component](/components/microsoft-dynamics-for-finance-and-operations-component/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Kafka component](/components/kafka/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** new authentication mechanism: `SASL/OAUTHBEARER`

### [Flow Linking component](/components/flow-linking/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Lookup by id` checkbox to `Trigger another flow` Action
*   **ADDED** `Retry errors` checkbox to `Trigger another flow` Action
*   **FIXED** `Socket Hang Up` issue

### [AMQP component](/components/amqp/) `1.4.3`
*   **UPGRADED** `Consume` trigger now locate the logs and messages in the last flow execution
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor to `v2.7.2`
*   **UPGRADED** amqplib to `v0.10.4`

### [Bynder Component](/components/bynder/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action

### [Monday component](/components/monday/) `1.2.0`
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.7.1`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor to `v2.7.2`
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` to `v3.2.0`
