---
title: Product Update - v24.36
description: Details of the product update v24.36 from the 4th of September 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.36"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-09-04
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.36.html
---

## New Features
### Increased character limit for invitation emails
By increasing the allowable number of subdomain characters from 10 to 50, users now have greater flexibility when sending invites, accommodating longer and more diverse subdomain configurations. This enhancement simplifies the process of inviting new users and ensures that workspace invitations can accurately reflect the unique subdomains of each recipient, enhancing communication and user engagement within the workspace.

### Transform UI for `Profile Information` page to React
This update enhances the performance and responsiveness of the user profile display, offering a more intuitive and efficient way to manage and view profile details. 
The transition to React not only modernizes the user interface but also lays the foundation for future enhancements and optimizations, providing users with a more seamless and enjoyable profile management experience.

### Transform UI for `Execution (single execution)` page to React
This update brings the benefits of React's component-based architecture to the interface, enhancing responsiveness and interactivity for users.

### Page titles displayed in the browser history
The navigation within `app.elastic.io` now displays page titles in the browser history for all React-powered pages. By incorporating descriptive titles for each page, users can easily track their browsing history and identify specific pages at a glance.

### `Retry Message` button for the stopped flow
This enhancement not only allows users to retry errors seamlessly but also provides a clear hint stating that the flow needs to be active for the retry function to work. 
By offering this convenient feature, users can easily manage and troubleshoot errors, promoting a more user-friendly and efficient workflow within the platform.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2436/retry.png" title="Retry" %}

### Displaying the flow status on the "Flow Queues" Page
Enhance user visibility and control over flow operations by showcasing the live status of containers on the "Flow Queues" page. With this enhancement, users can now monitor the actual status of flows in real-time, empowering them with valuable insights into ongoing processes. 

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2436/flow_status.png" title="Flow Status" %}

### Disabled CRON Tab for 'Flow Linking' Trigger
Since this trigger is initiated by another flow, displaying the CRON tab becomes irrelevant and can cause confusion. By removing this tab, users benefit from a more intuitive and streamlined interface, ensuring that flow configuration remains clear and concise.

_Note: This feature requires to use Flow Linking component v1.1.1._


### Displaying transparent API Error explanations in popups on `Recipes` page
This enhancement ensures that users receive more precise and informative explanations of errors directly on the UI, enabling them to quickly identify and address issues.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **UPGRADED** outdated libraries for `sailor-jvm`
*   **FIXED** the buttons stop working when the Google authentication window is closed for all sensitive actions.
*   **FIXED** broken retry feature with lightweight messages.
<!-- *       **FIXED** pasting or adding some JSONata code can break the Integrator mode view.-->
*   **FIXED** issue where focus is constantly lost when a flow keeps emitting errors.
*   **FIXED** issue where workspace name doesn't change in breadcrumbs when switching between workspaces.
*   **FIXED** `TypeError: Invalid Version:` when replacing the same component with a new one that uses a sailor version with `^`.
    *   Note:
        *   Unable to validate sailor version on the `component-pusher` side as this service doesn't have access to the `package.json` file.
        *   Gitreceiver will throw an error about an invalid semantic version if you try to use the sailor version with `^`.
        *   Admiral-related services won't fail anymore. Instead, Kubernetes will attempt to start the component pod but will fail with the log `putOutToSea.catch` and the error `Invalid Version`.

## Components
### [Microsoft Dynamics Business Central On Prem Component](/components/ms-dynamics-bc-onprem-component/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Git-Protocol component](/components/git-protocol/) `1.2.5`
*   **UPGRADED** `nodegit` to `0.28.0-alpha.11`

### [NetSuite component](/components/netsuite/) `3.2.0`
*   **ADDED** `Get Item Availability` Action

### [HubSpot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.6.1`
*   **ADDED** `Max Amount of Polling Pages` text field for the `Get New and Updated Objects` Trigger
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.0`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`
*   **UPGRADED** Node engine to `20.11.0`
*   **FIXED** vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.7.3`
*   **FIXED** the issue when a SFTP connection drops in realtime flows

### [Odoo component](/components/odoo/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Bynder Component](/components/bynder/) `1.4.0`
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.9`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `4.0.3`

### [Flow Linking component](/components/flow-linking/) `1.1.1`
*   **ADDED** service `flow-linking` to `component.json`

### [WhatsApp Component](/components/whatsapp/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.0`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`

### [Salesforce Component](/components/salesforce/) `2.8.4`
*   **FIXED** error `The Replay ID validation failed when the Subscribe to PubSub` trigger doesn't emit messages for more than three days
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.0`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.2`

### [Shopify Admin v2 component](/components/shopify-admin-v2/) `2.5.0`
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
