---
title: Product Update - v24.40
description: Details of the product update v24.40 from the 3rd of October 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.40"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-10-04
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.40.html
---

## New Features
### Separate Redis сluster for Webhook Quota service
By utilizing a separate Redis cluster for Webhook quotas, potential failures are minimized, ensuring uninterrupted service and improved performance.
This approach not only safeguards against quota-related issues but also enhances the scalability and stability of the system, providing users with a more dependable and resilient Webhook quota service within the platform.

### Pagination for Execution Logs
The pagination functionality in the logs window on the thread page enables users to navigate through log entries more effectively. With this enhancement, users can easily access and review log information, facilitating smoother tracking of execution details and enhancing the overall user experience within the platform.

### Errors tab priority for component errors on single `Execution` page
This update reorders the tabs to prioritize error information, followed by Logs and Mapper Logs, optimizing the user interface for efficient troubleshooting. 

### `Maester-Client` library upgrade to v5.0.3 
This update brings the enhancements, bug fixes, and performance optimizations to the component, ensuring compatibility and improved functionality.

### `Maester-Client` upgrade in `Sailor-NodeJS`
This update eliminates vulnerabilities and enhances the overall security posture of the platform. 
Additionally, the release of sailor `v2.7.3` brings further enhancements and optimizations, ensuring a secure and up-to-date environment for users leveraging the `sailor-nodejs.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** pasting or adding some JSONata code can break the Integrator mode view.
*   **FIXED** `TypeError: Cannot assign to read only property 'value' of object # error` for flows with `REST API V2 component`

## Components
### [Maester Component](/components/maester/) `2.0.2`
*   **UPGRADED** `Node.js` engine from `16` to `18`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.3`
*   **UPGRADED** the dependencies to the most recent versions
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` from `3.1.5` to `3.2.1`
*   **UPGRADED** `maester-client` from `4.0.3` to `5.0.3`

### [Quickbooks Component](/components/quickbooks/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [HJSON component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.6`
*   **REMOVED** company name from the title according to the whitelabel concept