---
title: Product Update - v24.45
description: Details of the product update v24.45 from the 7th of November 2024.
layout: rel
version: "24.45"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2024-11-07
redirect_from:
  - /releases/24.45.html
---

## New Features
### Editable delay for container shutdown in Ordinary Flows
Introducing the ability to adjust the container shutdown delay for Ordinary Flows, enhancing user control and flexibility within the system.
By introducing the `shut_down_timeout_enabled` feature flag at the Tenant level, users can control the delay duration for container shutdown on a per-flow basis. The addition of the `shut_down_timeout` attribute within Flows allows users to define specific shutdown timeframes (0 to 30 minutes) to better suit their workflow requirements.
With restrictions in place for long-running (real-time) flows and a dedicated `Shutdown` section in the settings menu of the flow designer (based on the feature flag status), users can efficiently manage container shutdown times, enhancing operational control and system performance.

_Note: The `shutdown_timeout` does not take effect immediately after updating the flow. It can take up to 10 minutes (usually 3-4 minutes) before the Kubernetes pods exhibit an increased drop time._

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2445/Shutdown.png" title="Shutdown" %}



### Extending `SCHEDULED_EXECUTION_TIMEOUT` to 720 seconds
Enhancing the system's timeout configuration by increasing the `SCHEDULED_EXECUTION_TIMEOUT` component environment variable's maximum value to 720 seconds. This adjustment caters to systems that necessitate more time for retrieving select model and dynamic metadata during one-time executions. By elevating the timeout threshold from the previous limit of 360 seconds, this update enables smoother execution of processes that demand longer data retrieval periods, ensuring optimal performance and responsiveness for time-critical operations within the system.

### Introducing `allow_modification` attribute for Recipe
Enriching the Recipe functionality with the introduction of the `allow_modification` attribute, designed to facilitate flow editing capabilities within the system. When creating a Recipe using the `POST v2/recipes` endpoint, users can specify the `allow_modification` attribute (defaulted to `false`) to grant Recipe activators the ability to modify step configurations before activation. 

By setting this attribute to `true`, users can independently adjust the integration Flow without being bound to the original Recipe, allowing for dynamic editing and customization. This feature enhances workflow agility by enabling users to tailor integration Flows as needed, providing greater control and flexibility in managing system configurations.
_Note: In this scenario, the created integration flow will not be linked to the original recipe, resulting in users not receiving updates from the recipe._


### Refactored code on the `Executions` page
* Resolved issues with WebSockets
* Added animation for table updates
* `Clear All Filters` button also clears the query string.

### Enhanced text search in Flow Designer's Sample section and Retry Error panel on the Thread page
Resolved the issue with text search functionality in the Sample section of the flow designer, allowing users to now effectively search for specific content within this section. 
By integrating the `@uiw/react-codemirror` library, users can seamlessly perform text searches within the Sample section. 

To initiate a search, users can simply focus on the input field by clicking on JSON and then press `Ctrl + F` to activate the search functionality, enabling quick and efficient content discovery within the Sample section.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2445/Search.gif" title="Search" %}


## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** Recipe activation and get recipe deployments due to `500 Internal Server Error`.
*   **FIXED** Selection in samples does not work correctly when editing (for numbers, booleans, and null values).
*   **FIXED** The selection of the second day in the chosen period on the Calendar in the `Execution` page when new data arrives too quickly.



## Components
### [Youtube Component](/components/youtube/index.html/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Looker Studio Component](/components/looker-studio/index.html/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Akeneo Component](/components/akeneo/) `2.0.0`
*   **REFACTORED** Reviewed and corrected object types in actions and triggers, updated internal code, and resolved API inconsistencies.
*   **UPGRADED** `Node.js` version from `16` to `20`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version from `2.7.0` to `2.7.3`
*   **UPGRADED** Axios version from `0.27.2` to `1.7.7`
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version from `3.1.0` to `3.2.1`

### [Zoho CRM component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.9`
*   **FIXED** the metadata generation in the `Get New and Updated Objects` trigger. Metadata fields having no `json_type` field coming from the API, will be be default generated as `string`.
*   **UPGRADED** search values in the `Lookup Set Of Objects By Unique Criteria` action are now encoded using `encodeURIComponent`.
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version from `2.7.0` to `2.7.3`
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version from `3.1.0` to `3.2.1`

### [Email component](/components/email/) `1.3.0`
*   **INTRODUCED** new `HTML` body field to allow sending both `HTML` and `Text` content. The `Text` content is now optional and will only be used if `HTML` content is unsupported by the receiver or is empty. Backward compatibility remains intact.
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.3`
*   **MIGRATED** `Node.js` version to `20`

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials Component](/components/rest-api-client-credentials-auth-component/index.html/) `1.3.0`
*   **UPDATED** API request handling to utilize `axiosReqWithRetryOnServerError` from the `component-commons-library`. 
*   **ADDED** new option `Rebound Selected Codes`, to the "`Error Tolerance` configuration field in the `HTTP Request` action.
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version to `2.7.3`
*   **UPGRADED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.1`

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/index.html/) `1.5.1`
*   **FIXED** memory leak in the `Re-assembled Message` action when processing over 1,000,000 messages.

### [Salesforce Component](/components/salesforce/index.html/) `2.8.5`
*   **FIXED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger:
    * Now emits only one batch of messages if results exceed 10,000.
    * Error `Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'LastModifiedDate')` when the Size of Polling Page value is used and deleted.

### [Netsuite REST API OAuth Client Credentials](/components/netsuite-rest-api-client-credentials/index.html/) `1.0.1`
*   **CHANGED** the `OAuth2` token algorythm from `RS256` to `PS256`
*   **UPGRADED** Sailor version from `2.7.0` to `2.7.3`
*   **UPGRADED** `axios` and `component-commons-library` non-breaking versions