---
title: Product Update - v25.10
description: Details of the product update v25.06 from the 6th of March 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.10"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-03-06
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.10.html
---

## New Features
### Mapper step visualization upgrade on Executions page
Upgraded the Executions page interface to include a visual representation of the Mapper step, inspired by the design on the Flow Queues page. This enhancement offers users a more structured and organized view of the mapper step within the thread context, enhancing clarity and accessibility of information. 

### Timestamp displayed on the Step Execution Error page
Implemented a timestamp display feature on the Step Execution Error page to give users clear context and information about the timing of the error occurrence.

### Search field for Contracts
Enhanced the contract list interface by introducing a dedicated "Search" field, enabling users to swiftly locate desired contracts for easy access. 
With this new feature, users can input search queries to filter and display specific contracts, facilitating quick and convenient retrieval of contract information.

### Workspace search enhancement: Introducing Search field with paging support
Implemented a "Search" field for searching workspaces, complete with paging support to enhance usability and efficiency. 
This new feature empowers users to enter search queries to find specific workspaces, with the ability to navigate through multiple search results using pagination.

### Webhook microservices spam prevention: Enhanced error responses for inactive or non-existent flows
Enhanced the spam prevention strategy within the webhook microservices to address repeated attempts from third-party systems to send events to inactive or deleted flows. 
Upon detecting 10 consecutive requests to an inactive or deleted flow(status code error 404: `Flow XXXXXXXXXXX either does not exist or is inactive`), the system now responds with a status code error 409, indicating that the flow has been blocked due to excessive calls. The error message specifies `Flow XXXXXXXXXXX was called while inactive or deleted more than 10 times`, providing transparency to users. 
**_Note: To unblock the flow, users are required to manually run it, ensuring responsible flow management and system integrity._**

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** the workspace is not removed from the list of workspaces in the left sidebar after deletion.
*   **FIXED** the issue where a recently deleted workspace did not disappear from the `View All Workspaces` page in the UI.
*   **FIXED** the mapper error is not displayed on the thread page.
*   **FIXED** the issue of setting the log level to `Warning` for a step via the UI.
*   **FIXED** the issue of receiving a successful response when calling an inactive webhook flow.
*   **FIXED** the issue of execution without records when the flow type was changed to webhook.
*   **FIXED** the issue where personal workspaces were displayed in the `Other Contract Workspaces` section when the user had the Member role in the contract.
*   **FIXED** the basic authentication username/password mismatch error from webhooks, ensuring valid credentials are recognized in the request.
*   **FIXED** the issue where the HTTP Reply component failed to send the correct message if it was added to a version of the flow other than the first.

## Components
### [Close CRM Component](/components/close-crm/) `1.2.0`
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [HubSpot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.6.2`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.1`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.4`
*   **FIXED** issue where removing the `Size of Polling Page` value resulted in a validation error instead of reverting to the default setting

### [Magento 2 component](/components/magento2/) `1.7.0`
*   **UPDATED** development dependencies
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.1`
*   **UPDATED** `Node engine` to version `20.x`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.4`
*   **FIXED** issue in `Verify Credentials` by adding validation to reject admin panel URLs in Magento configuration
*   **REVITALIZED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **REVITALIZED** `Lookup Objects` Action
*   **REVITALIZED** `Lookup Object by ID` Action
*   **REVITALIZED** `Delete Object by ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects` Action