---
title: Product Update - v25.14
description: Details of the product update v25.14 from the 3rd of April 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.14"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-04-03
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.14.html
---

## New Features
### Search by Topic name on Topics page
Enhanced the Topics page with a new search feature that enables users to search for topics by name, improving topic discovery and accessibility within workspaces. 
By introducing the search parameter to the `GET /v2/workspaces/:id/topics` endpoint, users can now perform targeted searches for specific topics based on their names. 
The inclusion of:
* search
* page[size] _(Note: shouldn't be greater than 100)_
* page[number] 

parameters allows users to customize the pagination of search results, facilitating seamless navigation through the topic listings.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2514/TopicsSearch.png" title="Search Topics" %}

### Checkbox for Show/Hide Mapper step
Enhanced the `Execution page` user interface with a checkbox option that enables users to show or hide mapper steps based on predefined criteria. 
The logic governing the checkbox is as follows:
* In the presence of an error on the mapper step, the mapper steps are displayed by default to aid in error troubleshooting.
* When no error is detected on the mapper step, the mapper steps are hidden by default to streamline the view.

This interactive feature empowers users to customize the visibility of mapper steps, promoting a more focused and efficient workflow within the `Execution page` interface.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2514/ShowHide Mapper.png" title="Show Hide Mapper" %}

### Improved error messaging for users joining Contract
Enhanced the error message display for the scenario where existing users encounter an error message stating "Failed to join new user to the contract because the quota exceeded".
This refinement ensures that existing users are provided with a more relevant and accurate error message when attempting to join a contract with quota constraints. 
By tailoring the error messaging to differentiate between new and existing users, the system provides clearer feedback to existing users facing quota-related issues, guiding them on the appropriate course of action to address the error effectively.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2514/UserError.png" title="Error" %}

### Enhancement of workspace ownership transfer upon user removal
Implemented a feature that automatically transfers workspace ownership to the contract owner when a user is removed from a contract and the user was the last member with ownership rights. 
This feature ensures the continuity of workspace management by transferring ownership responsibilities to the appropriate party. A new email template, "Ownership Transferred", has been introduced to notify users of this ownership handover.
Furthermore, a mandatory query parameter `is_clear_empty_workspaces` has been added to the contract deletion API endpoint, allowing users to control the clearing of empty workspaces (defaulted to `false`). 
When removing a user from a contract, a confirmation window now prompts users to indicate their preference for transferring workspace ownership via a checkbox selection. 
If an ownership transfer occurs, the new workspace owner will receive a notification, promoting clear communication and efficient workspace governance.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2514/Email.png" title="Email" %}

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** error in the UI when attempting to invite a user to a contract who is already a member. The alert banner now displays the following text: "A user with the given email is already a member of the current contract."
*   **FIXED** typo in JSONata operator tips

## Components
### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `2.0.0`
*   **BREAKING CHANGES** The authentication mechanism has been updated to OAuth 2.0 due to [Snowflake restrictions](https://www.snowflake.com/en/blog/blocking-single-factor-password-authentification/):
    * This change will break backward compatibility with versions `1.x.x` 
    * Updating existing credentials is required
*   **IMPLEMENTED** reuseable client and connection for all actions and trigger
*   **UPDATED** `Node engine` to version `20.x`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [ChatGPT Component](/components/chatgpt/) `1.2.0`
*   **ADDED** support for attachments in the `Send Request` Action, enabling users to upload images and files
*   **UPDATED** `Node engine` to version `20.x`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
*   **UPDATED** `Axios` version to `1.8.4`
*   **UPDATED** development dependencies

### [Akeneo Component](/components/akeneo/) `2.0.1`
*   **FIXED** the input metadata for the `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **FIXED** an issue where no data was emitted in `Emit Individually` mode for the `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 Component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.4`
*   **FIXED** an issue where verifying credentials failed without specifying the API version in the URL
*   **UPDATED** `Node engine` to version `20.x`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
