---
title: Product Update - v25.20
description: Details of the product update v25.20 from the 15th of May 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.20"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-05-15
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.20.html
---

## New Features
### Library update for enhanced stability and performance
To improve system stability and prevent potential memory leaks, we have replaced the previously used library, CodeMirror, with a more stable alternative. 
All instances of `react-codemirror2` have been updated to use `@uiw/react-codemirror`. This change ensures better performance and reliability, addressing past concerns with memory management. 
Users can expect a smoother and more efficient experience when interacting with code editing features.

### New UI for authentication clients management
It is now possible to manage authentication clients via the UI. A three dots icon has been added next to authentication clients name in the dropdown menu when creating a secret. 
You can edit or remove OAuth2 clients or only remove other types of clients.
_Limitation: Please note that to delete an existing OAuth 2.0 auth-client, users must create a new credential, delete the desired OAuth 2.0 clients, and then cancel the credential creation process. This limitation ensures that no critical auth-client data is inadvertently lost._

These updates aim to streamline the management of authentication clients, offering a more intuitive and user-friendly experience.

### Enhanced Search functionality in the Developers Team
* Repository Search: You can now search for repositories by their name directly within the Developers Team interface. This new UI feature allows for quick and efficient access to specific repositories, streamlining your workflow.

* Team Member Search: We've added the ability to search for team members by their first and last names. This enhancement in the UI makes it easier to find and connect with colleagues within your development team.

These updates are designed to improve navigation and efficiency, helping you find the information you need quickly and effortlessly.

### Improved Email notifications for Flow Errors
Workspace Name in Email Subject: When an error occurs in a Flow, the email notification subject will now include the workspace name. This makes it easier to identify where the issue originated at a glance.
**New Format:** `[workspaceName]: Your task "[flowName]" failed with error`

### Enhanced Flow Description feature
* Multi-line Flow Descriptions: Flow descriptions can now be written in a multi-line format, making it easier to organise and present detailed information.
* Character limit: Each flow description can now contain up to 1,000 characters, allowing for more comprehensive documentation of your workflows.

These improvements provide greater flexibility and clarity when describing your flows, enhancing overall usability and user experience.

### Improved error messaging on the Flows Page
If the service responsible for changing the flow status experiences delays in response, users will now see a clear and understandable message on the Flows list page. The message reads:

`We're currently experiencing delays in loading this page. Please try again later or contact support for more information.`

This update ensures that users are promptly informed of any issues, allowing them to take appropriate action and improving communication.

### Enhanced Avatar upload feature
Users can now upload pictures of any size for their avatars. Our system will automatically adjust the image size under the hood, ensuring it fits perfectly without compromising quality.
This improvement simplifies the process of personalising the user profile, allowing for greater flexibility and ease of use.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** renaming steps in published flow
*   **FIXED** vulnerability in `saml2-js`
    * Updated `xml-crypto` package
*   **FIXED** cleanup process for Contract deletion
    * When a contract is deleted, all associated auth-clients and auth-secrets are now automatically removed.
    * We have implemented a migration process to clean up any existing auth-clients and auth-secrets that are not linked to active contracts or workspaces.

## Components
### [Click Send SMS Component](/components/click-send-sms/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Assetbank Component](/components/assetbank/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Asset Conversion object type` to the `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [I Love PDF Component](/components/i-love-pdf/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Execute File` Action


### [Pub-Sub Component](/components/pub-sub/) `1.0.11`
*   **ADDED** pagination support to topics fetch logic
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`

### [Microsoft Dynamics for Finance and Operations Component](/components/ms-dynamics-for-finance-operations/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By Unique Criteria` Action
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** OAuth 2.0 authorization method from `Authorization Code Flow` to `Client Credentials Flow`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
*   **UPDATED** `Axios` version to `1.8.4`

### [Shopify Admin Component](/components/shopify-admin-v2/) `2.5.1`
*   **UPDATED** errors text
*   **UPDATED** development dependencies

### [AFAS Component](/components/afas/) `2.1.0`
*   **ADDED** an option that allows errors occurring in the component to be emitted as regular messages instead of being thrown as errors. This option applies to the following actions:
    * Make Raw Request
    * Upsert Object
*   **UPDATED** `Node` version to `20`

### [Smarty-streets Component](/components/smarty-streets/) `3.0.0`
*   **BREAKING CHANGES** In previous versions, both an error and a success message were included in the executions in case of an error. Now, if an error occurs, no message will be emitted; only a platform error will be thrown.

*   **UPDATED** `smartystreets-java-sdk` version to `3.10.7`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `4.0.3`
*   **UPDATED** `json-schema-validator` version to `2.2.14`
*   **UPDATED** `jackson-module-jsonSchema` version to `2.19.0`
*   **UPDATED** `Gradle builder` version to `7.5.1`

