---
title: Product Update - v25.23
description: Details of the product update v25.23 from the 5th of June 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.23"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-06-05
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.23.html
---

## New Features
### Improved error messaging for TRIAL Contract name changes
Users attempting to change the name of a trial contract will now see a clear and informative error message. This ensures users understand that contract name changes are not permitted for trial contracts.
This update aims to enhance the user experience by providing immediate and understandable feedback.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/C_name.png" title="TRIAL Contract Name Change Error" %}

### Enhanced handling of Large messages and Lightweight message management
These updates are designed to improve the reliability and performance of message handling while providing clear guidance and feedback to users:

* All lightweight messages are now retryable only within their Time-To-Live (TTL) period. If the TTL expires and the message is deleted from the database, users will receive a warning indicating that the message has been removed and cannot be retried.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/TTL_expired.png" title="TTL Expired" %}

* The UI now distinctly separates passthrough and input messages. Passthrough messages cannot be edited, ensuring clarity and preventing unintended modifications.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/Passthrough.png" title="Passthrough" %}

* Editing, deleting, or adding the lightweight message header `x-ipaas-object-storage-id` is now prohibited to maintain data integrity.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/Header_Error.png" title="Header Error" %}

**Message Body Updates:**

* If the original message was lightweight, the frontend's backend will update it in Maester with a new body.
* If the original message was not lightweight and the new body exceeds 1MB, the backend will create a new lightweight message for sending.
* Editing Restrictions for Large Messages: 
    * Messages larger than 10MB cannot be edited, as this could significantly slow down the frontend and exceed the 10MB request body limit of the backend.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/Large_Message_Error.png" title="Large Message Error" %}

### Visual indication of Flow execution initialization
To clearly indicate when a flow execution has been initialised, the `Run-Now` button will now animate. This visual cue is available across the `Grid`, `List View`, and `Flow Designer` interfaces.
This enhancement provides users with immediate feedback, ensuring they know when a flow execution process has started.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2523/Run_Now.png" title="Run Now" %}

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** an issue where flow steps were not displaying correctly in Firefox version `139.0`.

## Components
### [Pandadoc Component](/components/pandadoc/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Send Document` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Create a Document from Template` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Download Document` Action
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` Trigger

### [Airtable Component](/components/airtable/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Record By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Record By ID` Action

### [Podio Component](/components/podio/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Rest API OAuth2 Client Credentials component](/components/rest-api-client-credentials-auth-component) `1.4.0`
*   **ADDED** a new `Response format` configuration field in the `HTTP Request` action to support file downloads
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`