---
title: Product Update - v25.36
description: Details of the product update v25.23 from the 4th of September 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.36"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-09-04
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.36.html
---

## New Features
### Notification feature for stopped flows
Users can now subscribe to receive notifications when a flow has been stopped, similar to flow error notifications.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2536/Subscribe to stop.png" title="Subscribe to flow stop" %}


New API Endpoints:
* (Create Subscription)[https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/post_flows__flow_id__subscriptions]: Use the endpoint to create a subscription and receive its ID: `POST /flows/{flow_id}/subscriptions`.
* (Retrieve Subscription)[https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/get_flows__flow_id__subscriptions]: Check your subscription ID with: `GET /flows/{flow_id}/subscriptions`.
* (Delete Subscription)[https://api.elastic.io/docs/v2#/flows/delete_flows__flow_id__subscriptions__subscription_id]: Remove a subscription by ID using: `DELETE /flows/{flow_id}/subscriptions/{subscription_id}`.

New Email Template: A new email template, `flow-stopped-notification`, has been added to alert you when a flow is stopped.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2536/Email.png" title="Email template" %}

These enhancements provide improved monitoring and management capabilities for your flows.

### `No Workspaces` page updated to React
The `No Workspaces` page has been transformed to use React, providing a more responsive and modern user experience.
This update ensures faster loading times and a smoother interaction, aligning with our ongoing efforts to enhance the platform's usability and performance.

### Authorisation Pages updated to React
The following pages have been updated to React, offering improved performance and a seamless user experience:
* Login
* Registration
* Two-factor Authentication (ToTP)
* Invitation
* Forgot/Reset Password
* Email Confirmation

Each page now features a refreshed design with updated styles for a modern and cohesive look.
These enhancements ensure a more responsive and visually appealing interaction across critical user touchpoints.

### Search feature added to API Docs
A new search field has been added to API Docs, allowing users to easily filter API endpoints by tag.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2536/Search.png" title="Search" %}

This feature streamlines the process of finding specific endpoints, enhancing your efficiency and productivity when navigating the API documentation.

### Enhanced message visibility on `Queues` page
The Flow Queues page now features improved visual cues to help you quickly recognise the number of messages in each queue:
* 0 Messages: Displayed in black.
* 1 to 999 Messages: Displayed in blue.
* 1,000+ Messages: Displayed in orange.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2536/Queues.png" title="Queues" %}

This enhancement allows for easier monitoring and management of message volumes at a glance, improving overall flow efficiency.

### Sailor-Node.js security and dependency update
* Upgraded to version 2.0.0 to address a security vulnerability, ensuring a safer and more reliable integration.
* Removed request-related libraries from the main dependencies, streamlining the package and reducing potential security risks.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** CRON Expression Validation. The system now displays an error message if a CRON expression specifies a date that does not exist.

## Components
### [REST API component](/components/rest-api/) `2.2.0`
*   **ADDED** new field `Error Codes to emit as messages`
*   **FIXED** incorrect placement of `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters in `POST` requests
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
*   **UPDATED** field `Error Codes for Retry` has been renamed to `Error Codes for Error Handling Policy` to prevent confusion

### [Apptivo component](/components/apptivo/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [WhatsApp component](/components/whatsapp/) `1.2.0`
*   **ADDED** support for attachments (audio, video, image, document)
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [Wordpress component](/components/wordpress/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Grok component](/components/grok/) `1.0.0`
*   **Initial component release**
*   **ADDED** `Send Request` Action

### [Utility сomponent](/components/utility/) `1.7.0`
*   **ADDED** `Create named time values` checkbox to `Convert Between Timezones` Action
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.3.0`
*   **ADDED** new `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action, and the old one is now deprecated. The main differences are:
    * The new action supports a dynamic list of object types
    * The `Emit page` configuration now emits all pages

### [Snowflake component](/components/snowflake/) `2.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Key-pair authentication` method

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `2.0.0`
*   **BREAKING CHANGES** Removed the deprecated trigger - `Read Files`
*   **MIGRATED** the codebase to TypeScript
*   **REMOVED** deprecated libraries:
    * `oih-standard-library`
    * `moment`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [Magento 2 component](/components/magento2/) `1.7.1`
*   **FIXED** tooltips for `Upsert Customer` and `Upsert Object` Actions
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
*   **UPDATED** dev dependencies

### [Gemini component](/components/gemini-component/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Timeout` field to Credentials section
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`

### [JDBC component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.10`
*   **FIXED** the issue with aliases in the `Select Query` Action

### [Podio Component](/components/podio/) `1.1.0`
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object By ID` Action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` Action

### [HubSpot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.6.3`
*   **UPDATED** `Sailor` version to `2.7.5`
*   **UPDATED** `component-commons-library` version to `3.2.2`
*   **UPDATED** dev dependencies