---
title: Product Update - v25.43
description: Details of the product update v25.43 from the 22nd of October 2025.
layout: rel
version: "25.43"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2025-10-22
redirect_from:
  - /releases/25.43.html
---

## New Features
### Dashboard Enhancement
We have enhanced the Execution Statistics graph on the Dashboard to provide more comprehensive data:
*   Monthly Data Display: The graph now displays emitted messages and errors for all steps throughout the entire current month.
*   New Metrics Added: Monthly totals for both records and errors are now included, offering a clearer overview of performance trends.
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2543/Dashboard.png" title="Dashboard" %}

### Execution Page Update
We have fixed the display of the Records and Errors pipelines on the Execution page to provide a more accurate representation of your integration flow data.
* The page now shows the sum of emitted records and occurred errors for each step of your integration flows, rather than just the highest numbers.

_Example: If an execution has 1 record in the 1st step, 2 records in the 2nd step, 1 error in the 3rd step, and 2 errors in the 4th step, the page will now display a total of 3 records and 3 errors._

This change offers a clearer and more comprehensive view of your integration performance.

### Logging Level Enhancement
We have introduced a new feature to enhance debugging capabilities for one-time and debug containers. 
You can now set the log level for scheduled executions via the API, providing more precise control over the information logged during these executions. 
This release includes backend updates that support this functionality and pave the way for future user experience improvements. These changes will significantly enhance users ability to troubleshoot and analyse scheduled executions. Stay tuned for upcoming updates that will expand this feature's accessibility.

## Fixed Bugs
*   **FIXED** the bug related to the quota display for Crio container runtimes

